Aino\nCharacter Details:\nLocated at the border, Nod-Krai is neither a land of abundance nor a place of joy. All year round, the cold wind howls and lashes the lands, as though attempting to wring even the last dregs of warmth from every corner.\nYet in this seemingly forgotten corner of the world, the marketplace is chock-a-block with an astonishing array of marvelous machines. From guns that shoot flowers to floor sweepers that act as affectionate as puppies... You never know how a contraption might act until the very moment it springs to life. These inventions have brought comfort and laughter to this desolate land, and their creator is none other than Aino, the owner of the Clink-Clank Krumkake Craftshop.\nAino has spent years secluded in this unique workshop with not a single plushie (something children should love) in sight. Instead, she surrounds herself with sheets upon sheets of cold metal and mechanical parts piled precariously high. But this doesn't stop Aino from seeing it as the bestest and warmest home in the world. Here, she enjoys the companionship of numerous family members — assembled by her from screws and steel.\nAino, who calls herself their "parent," takes on the responsibility of caring for her little mechanical family every day. In the morning, they need to "wake up" by powering on, they have to "charge" themselves up with lunch at noon, then "sleep" in the night by powering down, right on schedule. Whatever spare time they have, they spend on diligently "executing tasks."\nBesides the creations she makes as a hobby, this genius mechanic also takes on various mechanical commissions. From the massive Boom and Blast Kuuvahki Energy Cannon that defends everyone from the Wild Hunt's invasions, to tiny precision parts in mechanical arms for aged adventurers... As long as you sincerely praise this genius mechanic's brilliant ideas and offer her delicious desserts, she'll create masterpieces beyond your wildest imagination.\nHowever, her inventions occasionally come with bizarre features not included in the original commission's requirements. In that sense, placing an order with Aino is like buying a box of chocolates... except that the box has a chance to fire a scary doll at you when you open it — so you'd best pray it doesn't!\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nWhenever the Boom and Blast Kuuvahki Energy Cannon unleashes its deafening roar and its dazzling flash of light, Katya is reminded of that tiny, pink-haired girl. Back then, Aino spoke in a voice as faint as a mosquito's buzz, barely audible in any room she was in. She was so unassuming that it seemed almost impossible to reconcile that memory of her with the genius mechanic she is today.\nKatya could no longer remember if she had ever asked Aino herself about the details of how she showed up at the Speranza. In this bitter frontier, there were only two reasons why a child would be alone — unavoidable separation or deliberate abandonment. Neither was particularly rare.\nThe rain in Nod-Krai is bone-chillingly cold, its arrival both sudden and merciless. Little Aino, who could barely reach the table's edge even on tiptoes, could only silently accept the grueling hand that fate had dealt her.\nKatya remembered pulling the timid girl, who had been peering through the doorway, into the house and handing her a bowl of warm, sweet soup. But as soon as the girl's fingertips touched the rim of the bowl, she quickly recoiled — her hands were swollen and purple from the cold, with cracks in her skin more striking than the scarlet broth. However brief her contact with the bowl, it must have stung her with pain.\nKatya wrapped her tiny, injured hands in clean old cloth, and only then did the girl dare to clutch the bowl. With a few quick slurps, she gulped down the soup, finishing her meal in the blink of an eye.\nFrom that day on, little Aino stayed at the Speranza and became a member of the Conch Gang.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nThe members of the Conch Gang are all young children. The kind-hearted Katya provides them with shelter and jobs as shop assistants, while giving these children plenty of freedom during their breaks.\nAt the age when they were most energetic and adventurous, the other children roamed the tundra forests in packs like Chic Badger cubs, but little Aino was the only one who preferred to be alone.\nThis wasn't due to a lack of childlike curiosity. On the contrary, her curiosity was so vast that only an entire world could contain it — a world made with precise, logical lines, craftsmanship, mechanisms, and curios. Any metal component was enough to make Aino stop in her tracks, and the noise of clinking and clanking from the "Rossum Workshop" workshop was the song she came to be most familiar with.\nThis is how she met her lifelong best friend — Lyulka, the daughter of the owner of the "Nuts and Bolts." When Lyulka discovered that this girl, who visited their shop almost daily, had the same sparkle in her eyes as herself, she excitedly took her by the hand, suddenly eager to share her mechanical contraptions and half-finished prototypes.\nOne day, after they became close, Aino suddenly pointed at a machine in the store, and said, "Adjusting this part a little should increase the kuuvahki consumption efficiency by 2.8%. I've been running simulations in my head for a while, and I think it's got a good chance of working... So, wanna try?"\nLyulka was stunned. That was exactly the bottleneck she'd been struggling with for days. Although she felt slightly hesitant that an untrained child had pointed out the issue so easily, she still nodded in agreement.\nWhen the modification was complete, the test data was precise, showing an improvement of exactly 2.8%. As she stared at the truth laid out by the data, Lyulka's skepticism dissolved into amazement.\n"Aino's never studied a day of mechanical theory in her life, and yet she identified and resolved a critical issue. Now, if she DOES study, she might be able to work miracles..."\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nAn opportunity for Aino to study soon arrived. A Snezhnayan mechanic known as "Papa Wrench" happened to visit Nasha Town, and while dining at the Speranza, he was drawn to the group of child workers. Papa Wrench, being a man full of compassion, decided to stay for a while to regale the children with Snezhnayan fairy tales.\nBut he quickly and keenly noticed that one of the children was not quite like the others — while they were immersed in his stories, Aino's gaze was firmly fixed on the tools he carried.\nThis discovery filled Papa Wrench's heart with joy, and with Katya's approval, he set up a small class during the restaurant's downtime to teach mechanical know-how to children who were interested.\nWhen Lyulka heard of this class, she excitedly joined the children. However, after just a few days, Lyulka realized that the things Aino asked Papa Wrench were starting to become as incomprehensible as some arcane tome.\nBefore, Aino had been like a tranquil stream, silently meandering forward... But now it seemed that she had finally found a vast, boundless ocean to call her own.\nUtterly in her element, a mysterious change overcame Aino, as though some fae of legend had touched her with a blessed hand, bestowing upon her secret gifts. Aino's fingers danced between various parts, an intricate machine seemingly flying into being at her expert touch. It was hard to imagine her dexterous digits had ever been blistered with frostbite.\nAnd as her hands grew more lively, so too did the conversations she made. Aino began to speak more and more, her little head seemingly filled with endless novel ideas waiting to be shared with the world. Most adults who heard her would find the child peculiar and dismiss her ideas with a gentle smile, but Papa Wrench believed that she might one day truly turn all of her imaginative concepts into reality.\nAnd when Papa Wrench's knowledge collided with Aino's wild ideas, the result was an explosion of ingenuity that brightened the lives of those around them...\nThe Conch Gang's broken alarm clocks were fixed, but suddenly grew wings and would fly around their rooms in the mornings, ringing all the while. Only catching them would put an end to the cacophony, and from then on, there were no more sleepyheads among the children.\nThe broken trash can in the back kitchen was also patched up with tin plates. When fed with garbage, it would chew up everything contentedly, then let loose a playful burp of satisfaction. At first, everyone suspected it was a prank, but after discovering that the sounds were actually coming from the trash can itself, taking out the garbage became the children's most popular chore.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nHowever, those happy and joyful days didn't last long, as farewell arrived at the door sooner than expected.\nThe mission-bound Papa Wrench received an order from his merchant convoy to depart. Reluctant to leave, he placed a screw in Aino's palm and told the girl two important things: To never underestimate her talents, nor to ever put down her tools. This wasn't Aino's first farewell. The cold wind seemed to leave her throat sandpaper-dry, and besides a cursory "thank you," "goodbye," and "take care," Aino didn't know what else she could say. In this turbulent land, every farewell could very well be their last. This unspoken rule was understood — and keenly felt — all over Nod-Krai.\nAfter bidding farewell to her teacher, Aino sat alone behind closed doors, repeatedly running her fingertips over the grooves of the screw. After her tears had dried, she threaded the screw into her hair. From then on, this screw served both as an iron hairpin and a guiding light, keeping up the bangs that had once obscured her vision. Now, the path before her was clearer than ever.\nAfter this farewell, the wheel of fate began to spin once more.\nThe members of the Conch Gang had always come and gone freely. After bidding farewell to several familiar friends in the howling cold winds, Aino bade farewell to the Gang as well. Lyulka had reached out to her, asking if she would like to move in with her, and perhaps even set up a workshop together. After much deliberation, Aino shook her head. While conducting stable research with a friend would be nice, she wanted to journey farther, see more, and create fascinating machines that none had ever made before.\nAino had heard from some adventure-loving children that if one were to leave Nasha Town and head west, there was a place piled high with abandoned metal scrap — perfect for young explorers to use as a secret base. However, the mead-drunk, grizzled adventurers of the town saw it differently. They claimed it was a mechanical boneyard that had fallen into ruin during Nod-Krai's golden years, its name long eroded by the river of time.\n"Discarded metal scrap, a mechanical boneyard... Well, time for me to breathe some new life into it...!"\nThough she had never been there, Aino was filled with longing for that storied location. Perhaps the answers she sought amidst an ocean of imagination might be found scrawled on cold, distant shores of iron.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nAt dawn, Aino clutched a small robot in her arms. Followed by an automated toolbox with wheels, and guided by members of the Conch Gang, she arrived at a massive structure on the outskirts of town. This weather-beaten mechanical beast lay sprawled along the silent ridges, waiting for its master to awaken.\n"This is the place! From now on, I'm calling it the Clink-Clank Krumkake Craftshop. Here, I'll invent a machine that can make the most delicious krumkakes!" With one hand on her hip, Aino made her declaration. The giant's rusty mechanical arms swayed in the breeze, as if in greeting.\nThe smoke from Speranza drifted away, the laughter of the Conch Gang faded, and the large, long-silent workshop found itself a tiny, noisy new master.\nAnd so time slipped away amidst countless clinks and clanks.\nThe next time Katya saw Aino, she was holding hands with a robot girl named Ineffa and had come to buy some sweets from the restaurant. Just like any good parent, Aino carefully taught her "child" how to make purchases... even though said "child" was several heads taller than her "parent."\n"Be good and hold my hand, Ineffa! It would be really bad if you ran off and got lost."\n"Now let's learn about shopping! First, come here, say hello to Aunty Katya, then ask for two Midsommar Tortes. Remember to pay with the Mora I gave you this morning! Once you're done, say bye-bye to Aunty Katya."\n"Executing Midsommar Torte purchase command... Hello, Aunty Katya. I would like to buy two Midsommar Tortes. Here is the Mora. Thank you, Aunty Katya. Bye-bye, Aunty Katya."\nListening to the robot girl fluently repeating Aino's words, Katya realized how much the little girl had changed.\nHer once gaunt cheeks had filled out into a healthy roundness, and she walked with an exuberant spring in her step, fitting for a child her age. Her eyes no longer stayed glued to the ground, but instead sparkled brightly — like an ingot of gold tempered by flame, radiating a brilliance that belonged only to her.\n"Hehe, you're such a good girl, Ineffa! Oh, wait, I almost forgot. Aunty Katya, could you take the change and gimme some sugar for it? I'm gonna have Ineffa make me some of the BEST krumkakes in the whole world!"\nBut despite all the change, Aino's sweet tooth had stayed constant. Katya couldn't help but smile as she placed several packets of sugar into the robot girl's hands — far more than what would have been commensurate with the Mora.\n"Calculating price difference... The amount of Mora paid is insufficient. I must compensate..." Before the robot girl could finish, Aino interrupted her.\n"That there is Aunty Katya's love! Just take it, Ineffa. She'll be sad if we try to pay for it. So thanks, Aunty Katya!"\n"Love?"\n"Yeah! It's something you can't measure with Mora — it's the care we have for each other, just like how I take care of you, and you take care of me!"\n...\nThe fate of Nod-Krai might one day truly be changed by this little pink-haired girl... Or perhaps, that change had already begun from the very first moment she picked up a wrench.\n"My First Family":\n\nThe first time Ineffa helped Aino clean up the workshop, she scanned a special little robot placed on Aino's desk. Its weathered metal shell had long since lost its luster, and its stiff limbs were unresponsive to external stimuli. Clearly, it was not one of Aino's recent works.\nAfter living with Aino for a long time, Ineffa discovered that, corroded by time, rust had spread like snaking vines across the joints of the little robot. The last screw on its body had come loose and fallen off, and according to her analysis, even the most meticulous polishing and maintenance could no longer restore life to its decaying body.\nAino carefully put the little robot away. She asked Ineffa to support her as she solemnly moved it to the cabinet in her bedroom. It was then that Ineffa learned the story behind the broken-down machine.\nIt was the first robot that Aino had ever assembled by herself.\nIt wasn't equipped with any intelligence modules and could only make jingling sounds when it was shaken. Its sole purpose was companionship — to accompany a little girl who had experienced all too frequent farewells in her short life, who would sometimes find her heart swelling with loneliness.\nPlaced beside Aino's many modern ingenuities, it looks dull and sloppy. But even caked in rust, it continues to serve its purpose... to simply be there for her.\nBecause it is still family, and hence, still a part of her home.\nVision:\n\nIn the dead of night, as the moon hung high among the stars, even as the Sniffer Moles slumbered, the workshop continued to rattle away in its typical clink-clank fashion.\nSince embarking on her mechanical journey, Aino had always been praised as a genius by others. She could complete most simple mechanical constructions with her eyes closed, and it was rare to see her this focused.\nBut today, her surroundings were pitch black, with only Aino's workbench blazing bright as day. Her long sleeves had been hastily rolled up, and her temples were covered in sweat, stained with oil, and brushed by dust from who-knows-where, but the only thing Aino could focus on — and frown at — was the problem she faced. On the workshop's floor, open bags of snacks lay scattered, but even the wafting, saccharine scents could not tempt Aino from her task.\nOn the workbench lay a robot girl. Around her lay piles of parts of various sizes, silent testaments to Aino's countless iterative loops.\n"Maybe I should give her a learning module. Family members need to learn and grow together so they can stick together..."\nThis idea suddenly popped into Aino's head. Although applying such a theory to machinery was unprecedented for her, Aino didn't hesitate at all and immediately got to work. While reaching for a crucial component, Aino, busy as she was, didn't even look to see what she had grabbed, but she could tell by its unfamiliar texture that it wasn't what she wanted. So, without even a glance, she tossed it under her workbench and continued focusing on her creation.\nWith a soft click, the final piece fit precisely into the last groove. There was a clatter as Aino's tools fell to the ground, followed by a dull thud — having maintained intense focus for so long, Aino had finally reached her limit. Exhaustion consumed the little genius like the night itself, and she fell into a deep sleep. Resting her head on the robot girl's arm, she herself looked like a little robot whose battery had run flat.\n...\n"Good morning, Aino."\n"Time to wake up, I have made your favorite krumkakes for breakfast."\nHearing someone calling her to wake up, Aino rubbed her aching head, blinking the sleep out of her bleary eyes... But all she saw was the robot girl next to her, eyes still peacefully closed. It seemed like it was just a dream.\n"But it'll come true soon, won't it, Ineffa...?"\nThough Ineffa did not answer, what responded to Aino was the faint shimmer of her Vision — the very same one that Aino had mistaken for a mechanical part earlier.\n~Aino Story Ends~~\nAlbedo:
Character Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nAlchemy is an ancient art, and many of its secrets have been lost to history. The few commonly known alchemy techniques of today are but enough to put some broken odds and ends together, saving you the money you would have otherwise spent on glue.\n"Nay, alchemy is not so ignoble an art!" Or so most alchemists would protest.\nBut as far as the average citizen of Mondstadt was concerned, that was alchemy.\nAt least until the day Albedo suddenly appeared and decided to stay in Mondstadt.\nThis young man displayed the true prowess of alchemy to all, bringing with him a massive corpus of wisdom that even the Sumeru Akademiya did not possess. "The universe is heaven reversed, and the earth is a dream lost to time. This is dust, the most basic form of complex life."\nAs if to provide evidence for this claim, Albedo lifted the burnt ash of the flower that once grew atop a Dendro Slime's head.\nSeconds later, a Cecilia sprouted forth from the ash in his hand.\n"And this... is new birth."\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nAlbedo has a very important job within the Knights of Favonius but does not often appear in public.\nStill, he does not have the strange and eccentric temper that people tend to assume of academics. In fact, he is earnest in all his dealings.\nHe is, however, of the persuasion that it requires more energy to maintain relationships established on excessive enthusiasm.\nAs a result, Albedo's equivalent of friendship involves maintaining an appropriate degree of distance.\nWhether shutting himself away to work or traveling and gathering materials, no one in Mondstadt knows how to find him.\nAlbedo's tendency to avoid social interactions does not make him a cold-hearted person.\nHe is sincere and contented when instructing his assistants, Timaeus and Sucrose.\nHe finds pleasure in giving his sketches to the citizens of Mondstadt.\nYet he cannot help but feel sincere disappointment that Lisa, for all her great talents, has chosen to remain a mere Librarian.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\n"Albedo only got into Mondstadt because of his master's recommendation letter."\nOn some level, this statement is true. Nevertheless, Mondstadt's gates are ever open to all, and a recommendation letter is not strictly necessary.\nIndeed, it could be argued that Albedo's life would have been far more comfortable without the letter.\nThis is because the recipient of the letter was the famed travel writer Alice, an old friend of Albedo's master, Rhinedottir.\nAfter receiving the letter, Alice considered its requests.\n"So Rhine said that you'll need a laboratory... And not one of a size that a civilian could build, either. Hmm... I know!"\nAnd just like that, she threw him into the Knights of Favonius.\nThe work of the Knights is actually quite easy for Albedo — requiring only five percent of his energy.\nAlbedo had imagined that the rest of his energy could be spent on experiments, with the Knights' full range of apparatus at his disposal.\nAnd yet...\nAlice had a daughter, named Klee.\nYes, "that" Klee.\n"We'll be a family from now on, treat her like a real younger sister!"\nFrom that day forth, remedying Klee's disasters would come to take up most of Albedo's remaining energy...\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nAlbedo has no memory of any blood relations. From birth, he was already adventuring deep within domains with his master.\nOf course, Miss Alice, the Knights of Favonius, and that traveler who had a sense of the stellar depths about them... They are all important. And yet his master is unquestionably the most special to him.\nFor Albedo, she is his only kin.\nShe was a cold and strict woman who raised him and taught him the secrets of alchemy.\n"The universe is the dark essence of the true starry sky, and the earth is the accumulated memories of time and lives.\nThe chalk: that is you. The earth is where alchemy gets its name, and is the basis of all life. And this..."\nShe demonstrated her technique before him as a huge life form burst from its culture tank in a shower of shattered fragments.\n"...This is new birth."\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nAlbedo once led a simple and content existence.\nThere was no need for him to contemplate anything. Life was uneventful, its meaning consisted of nothing more than accompanying his teacher, doing what she asked of him, and meeting her expectations.\nBut one day, deep in the heart of a dungeon, master and apprentice discovered an artifact known as The Heart of Naberius.\nAnd with that, his master disappeared, leaving naught but a note, a recommendation letter, and a classical text behind.\nUpon the note was written: "Albedo, go to Mondstadt. Find my old friend, Alice, and give her the recommendation letter. Then, complete your final assignment."\nThe classical text was one of the last extant manuscripts of the Opus Magnum from his master's collection.\nIf one were to push the definition a little, she had left him another gift — the title of Kreideprinz, and with it, a written acknowledgment that she had nothing further to teach him.\nIn the past, Albedo's assignments had always been very difficult.\nHe had always believed wholeheartedly that his master would make good on her threat to leave him, should he fail.\nBut this assignment she had left to him was far too hard, far beyond the limit of his abilities.\nDid this mean, then, that he was fated to never complete it, and thus never see his master again?\n"Your final assignment: show me the truth and the meaning of this world."\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nThe alchemy that Albedo commands is wholly different from any of the arts practiced in the Seven Nations of Teyvat.\nIts lineage can be traced back to the nation of Khaenri'ah.\nKhaenri'ah was an underground realm, with precious few natural fauna. As such, its alchemy focused more heavily on the creation of life.\nThis art of creation was known as "The Art of Khemia."\nAlbedo had learned of this in his youth from reading his master's notes.\nThe next stage after "soil" is "chalk," which was also something his master had mentioned.\n"Chalk is the spotless soil, and was used to make primordial man."\nNow, Albedo understands alchemy in far greater depth than he did in the beginning, and his knowledge on the subject is far more comprehensive.\n"From soil was birthed chalk."\nThe profundity of this statement is well understood by Albedo now.\nSuch ineffable secrets are bound up with his fond memories of his master.\nShe was not his birth mother, but there is no doubt that his life stems from her.\n"I hope this isn't just wishful thinking, but... when parents speak to their children about 'the meaning of this world'... surely they just mean the pursuit of a happy life?"\nFrom time to time, Albedo finds himself musing on this sentiment.\nAlbedo's Artwork:\n\nAlbedo's interest in drawing and painting began back in the days of traveling with his master.\nAt first, he would simply illustrate his notes with basic sketches. But he soon noticed that the process of rendering things in great detail helped him to intimately understand their physical makeup, which was of great utility to his alchemical studies.\nAdditionally, it also allowed him to enter into a pleasant state of clarity, in which he needed only to focus on observation and creating his artwork, and nothing else.\nEventually, Albedo became a master artist without ever having received formal tuition.\nWhen strolling through Mondstadt, he enjoys sketching and painting all manner of living things, but particularly people in moments of joy.\nSometimes, he even gifts his artwork to his unsuspecting models, believing that when a work of art captures a transient moment of enjoyment, it is something worth treasuring.\nAlbedo continued to refine his skills in this manner, going from strength to strength — until one day, when he was taken aback by illustrations from Inazuma.\nHow was it that drawings of such generality could possess such narrative power?\nAmazed, he decided to give it a go himself.\n...Eventually, after collaborating with a certain novelist by the name of Xingqiu, "A Legend of Sword" was printed and published.\nUnfortunately, it received lukewarm reviews, being lambasted as "a dictionary with divine illustrations."\nVision:\n\nGaining a Vision came as no great surprise to Albedo.\nWhen he received it, he gave it a single glance before continuing to engross himself in his work.\nHe barely felt any wave of emotion at all, as if this was something to be taken for granted.\nAs far as he is concerned, his Vision is merely a tool with which he can more conveniently conduct his research.\nWhat truly sparks joy within him is turning the unknown into the known.\nOne day, he will understand all there is to know about this world — and Visions are no exception.\n~~Albedo Ends here~~\nAlhaitham:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nA capable person who keeps a low profile for too long is often perceived as someone with a mysterious identity and ulterior purposes. Alhaitham himself is a powerful rebuttal to all these cliché views: He is a brilliant man, but he is only an ordinary employee of the Akademiya, with a stable job and a cushy house in Sumeru, leading a carefree and comfortable life.\nSometimes, people find it next to impossible to catch the current scribe in his office. Little do they know about the scribe, other than his name, "Alhaitham," and that he is supposed to be present during work hours. The fact is, no one knows his whereabouts, and all they can do is leave documents and files on his desk.\nAlhaitham couldn't be more satisfied with how things are. The man might be at home or in the library, but he'll never appear where people wish him to be.\nHaving an entirely unpredictable schedule affords undisturbed freedom.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nThe title of a "scribe" may sound impressive to most Akademiya students, but this fancy name is just a product of the Akademiya's culture to use unnecessarily high-flown titles.\nIn truth, the scribe does not have to be present at all major meetings, nor does he participate in core decision-making. The scribe is simply responsible for classifying and archiving important documents. However, in Sumeru, where books and manuscript documents were once managed as a resource, the scribe is one of the most "in-the-know" people in the entire Akademiya. One can say that this position is rather similar to that of the Grand Conservator — after all, the person who manages texts will have privileged access to profound wisdom.\nAs the current scribe of the Sumeru Akademiya, Alhaitham acts in perfect compliance with his role: He does not attend any non-essential meetings, and when he is required to be present, he only records key points, jotting down other minute details based on his mood. If the meeting does not affect his personal interests or fails to pique his curiosity, he will not be bothered to give any comments. He does make comments, however, when someone has come up with something offensively foolish — and one should expect these comments to be more blunt than necessary.\nSuch is Alhaitham's life philosophy: Whenever the need for his judgment arises, one must be ready to accept any means and privileges he might require to make that judgment. Fortunately for everyone, Alhaitham notes that he is too lazy to possess too many ambitions.\nAll scholars seek knowledge and the truth. Some do so for fame, while others, for ambition. And some others enjoy conquering knowledge and the truth, transcending them, and savoring the sense of superiority in the process. Alhaitham isn't any one of them. He is only driven by what intrigues him. He believes that many scholars have already become lost in their pursuits, taking the truth as a tool or even a shortcut to self-realization.\nHowever, whether one seeks it or not, the truth is always there, hanging high above the sky like an illuminating star. It is not the end of a trip or the destination of a match. It is and shall remain constant, regardless of human existence. Also, human pursuits will not simply end after certain knowledge has been acquired — though people never doubt that they can claim the fruit with joy and are prepared to sacrifice everything for it, their desire for knowledge will keep them going.\nThose who fail to see through the truth set themselves on an endless path, while those with clear minds will say: The truth did not come into being to serve anyone, and whoever is unable to harness their desire for knowledge will be destroyed by it. Such is the rule of the Nation of Wisdom. Of course, if you want to blend in, you are welcome to fake such a posture.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nTo the people of Sumeru, those who played a part in the operation to save Lesser Lord Kusanali are deemed to be heroes. However, a great many who make such compliments don't really know the full story. They simply repeat a fragment of a tale that they find inspiring. As one of the protagonists in their stories, Alhaitham has no opinion whatsoever about being a "hero," nor does he believe that these stories are worth talking about.\nMeanwhile, Alhaitham has declined the Akademiya's offer to become the Grand Sage multiple times. But given the chaos in Sumeru, Alhaitham eventually agreed to serve as Acting Grand Sage temporarily.\nIt already defied common logic for someone to refuse the titles of Sage and Grand Sage, and yet Alhaitham went further still, resigning and returning to his humble role as Scribe at the agreed-upon time instead of clinging to power.\nIf he did manage to gain anything from it at all, it was the financial benefits: His salary stayed the same after his resignation, not to mention the several high-quality research projects that he was able to complete on his own. There is no doubt, then, that he will lead a well-off life. In addition, his interpersonal relationships have also improved, as he has more or less befriended the other participants in the archon-saving operation — they have gotten close to the point where Alhaitham might greet these people with a nod or two when he sees them.\nSometimes, Lesser Lord Kusanali will also invite Alhaitham to the Sanctuary of Surasthana to discuss various matters. He has met many people there: the General Mahamatra Cyno, the mercenary Dehya, and Nilou, star of the Zubayr Theater. Nilou even once asked him: "How did you manage to come up with such a bold plan? When I think back on it, we were all quite lucky to not get hurt..."\nNilou hesitated before she continued, and Alhaitham understood her confusion, for anyone would have wondered how he could have stayed unscathed despite the influence of the Divine Knowledge Capsule. But in Alhaitham's eyes, he was never in danger, for he had never used any capsules.\nAs for how he had managed to do that, it was all thanks to his role as the scribe. As a scholar lucky enough to have read the Akasha's system manual, he had studied the headset and Canned Knowledge, such that he knew how to alter the status signal of the Akasha. He had even once thought of reversing the holographic shield of the Akasha Terminal and projecting it to the back of his head to offer protection from attacks on that front.\nIt has been proven that a plan lays the foundation for everything, and that prior research lays the foundation for a plan. Alhaitham, who had no interest in boasting about how he remained unscathed, answered Nilou's question with another: "As far as I know, Cyno and Dehya are also curious about this, yet you are the only one who has raised this question. Were they just too shy to ask me themselves?"\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nAlhaitham seldom discusses personalities or dispositions with others. He believes that the prevalent theories about them are wrong. Suppose someone insists that one's character has nothing to do with their abilities and opinions, the person with such a view will find themselves unable to judge any aspect of another person. A smart person will often hold different attitudes towards a foolish person and another smart person, and the foolish often think differently when facing success and failure. People's views on Alhaitham are proof of this point — given his superb talents and egocentric personality, no one wants to get too close to him, but still, they see him as an outstanding scholar.\nThis is exactly the public image Alhaitham desires. Many scholars are rigid and inflexible, but Alhaitham is not one of them. As a matter of fact, his occasional sarcasm in part reflects his philosophy. Society (or the collective) relies on rules to regulate individuals, and language is one of these regulative tools. Turning language against its original design serves to challenge unreasonable rules, and one can thus stay out of trouble.\nThe word "talented" is abused within the Akademiya, and so are "born differently," "touched by the archon," and such... In Sumeru, one's talents are a trial. Outstanding talent is not necessarily seen as a perfect gift, but it also divides people. For instance, to compliment someone with unimaginable achievements, ordinary folk often call them a "genius," or "superhuman," or a "prodigy"... But upon reflection, one will soon notice another layer of meaning that even the speakers themselves have not realized: That the talented and the ordinary are categorically different.\nIf someone is capable of things that others aren't, they must have been endowed with some special abilities and gifts. Excessive compliments for and wild imagination regarding outstanding people only serve to alienate them. "They are successful because they are different" — such is the typical excuse favored by underachievers. These ignorant notions mean nothing to Alhaitham. Though he does know his way around people, he will not waste his time on such trivial matters.\nRules define borders and set limits. Yet these rules should not be judged solely on the number of people they limit. Therefore, Alhaitham has come up with his own set of rules with which he perceives everything and challenges the world. It is the crystallization of his philosophy. To maintain these rules of his own fashioning, Alhaitham acts on his own will and deals with anything that appears harmful in his eyes.\nOnly with objective judgment can one see the truth. By acknowledging the differences between individuals and recognizing differing levels of capabilities and mental capacities, one will discover the answer right away: Judgment from others is inconsequential, but to leave the right of judgment in others' hands is equal to denying oneself. To be "different" should not simply be a label given to you by others. Rather, the talented should have long understood that their uniqueness is also a gift.\nTo put it another way, when a talented person truly understands that they are different and that they are indisputably ingenious, only then can they truly understand the value of their abilities. And as for cowards who remain blinded by perspectives advocated by the great majority, they have not yet found their true selves.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nTo live a peaceful and comfortable life, one must meet a few requirements first: Congruous personality and logic, adequate fighting prowess, a slow-paced job, and a cushy house in the vicinity of one's office.\nAlhaitham has checked all the boxes above. He would never deny that no place suits him better than the Nation of Wisdom, where social capital is linked to one's academic abilities.\nHis current house, which is located near the Akademiya, is one of the academic resources that he gained through promising research projects. This house's story dates back to Alhaitham's student years. If his classmates still remember him, they will recall that he was not one to mingle with the crowd. As a result, he has only participated in one joint research project. Despite its eventual success, the project resulted in a huge quarrel and a parting of ways. Little do people know about Alhaitham's part in this story, though they might be acquainted with the other protagonist: The Kshahrewar architect Kaveh.\nThis academic incident is not very widely-known — and in truth, the tale of two geniuses falling out due to differing perspectives is an all-too-familiar one in the Akademiya. But even though their collaboration did fall through, neither of them will deny the other party's exceptional brilliance. As for their research, the Akademiya would later transfer the relevant assets to the researchers involved as per regulation.\nAlthough the two did not continue that research, its great success in the early stage still serves as compelling proof of Alhaitham's academic ability. Later, the Akademiya even used this project, which they had forgotten to cancel, as a reference for allocating housing resources, and as such, Alhaitham was given a very decent house befitting his participation in this ingenious project. But the other contributor, Kaveh, had never approached Alhaitham regarding that allocation. It wasn't until later that Kaveh had someone inform Alhaitham and the Akademiya that he was not in want of a house and thus had no use of this property.\nWhen next they met, Kaveh had gone bankrupt. According to Alhaitham, this former friend of his possesses a personality and values that are not congruous with his abilities. The two differ on too many things and cannot reach a consensus even today.\nAllowing Kaveh to stay in this house provides Alhaitham with an interesting research topic: Legally and socially speaking, since Kaveh has previously forfeited the right to his half of this house, he should pay the landlord during his stay. However, paying rent would, to some extent, deny his contribution to the research, which contradicts the academic spirit.\nAn intriguing matter to consider, but Alhaitham has no interest in the answer. Thus, he has taken his broke former colleague in, collects rent as the rightful landlord, and gives his colleague some household chores. He is well aware of the dissatisfaction Kaveh might have, but it matters not to him. As far as Alhaitham is concerned, Kaveh is a familiar face, similarly lacks familial attachments, and is the polar opposite of himself as a scholar — that is to say, an excellent mirror. Human vision is limited, but it can be perfected through the presence of another genius. Taking this opportunity, Alhaitham will be able to observe other aspects of this world and thus understand more things that may have otherwise been unfathomable.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nThe Nation of Wisdom places academics and knowledge above everything else. As such, a scholar acknowledged by others within the Akademiya usually possesses a higher social status. Alhaitham was born to just such a family of well-received scholars. His parents died very early in an accident, and he was raised by his grandmother, a Kshahrewar scholar.\nAlhaitham doesn't have many recollections of his parents. He learned from his grandmother that they were both employed by the Akademiya, with his father being a mentor in Haravatat and his mother, a renowned scholar in Vahumana.\nAlhaitham has inherited his parents' intelligence, and he was always the sharp kid amongst his peers, so much so that he started reading abstruse academic journals at around the age of seven. Having noticed his exceptional talents, Alhaitham's grandmother suggested that he attend school early. However, it only took half a day in the Akademiya for little Alhaitham to report this back to his grandmother: Everyone he met there was boring and he preferred reading alone to listening to their meaningless courses. Alhaitham's grandmother saw his parents' talents and personalities in him, and agreed to let him stay home to be self-taught.\nTo Alhaitham, "to be self-taught" means to read, break down, reorganize, and question. Due to his family background, he was lucky to be exposed to books made of paper. Interestingly enough, he takes more pleasure in reading his grandmother's hard-copy collections than obtaining knowledge from the Akasha directly.\nAs opposed to the Akasha, books are inflexible and rigid, and there is no guarantee that their contents are error-free either. To use such a medium of knowledge is to dance with potential misinformation. The majority of people in Sumeru hate this, but Alhaitham derives great enjoyment from it. It was from reading that he acquired the ability to learn, analyze, and even rectify, and ultimately, he has learned to question. If the rustic and primitive method known as reading is ever any trouble, it is trouble that Alhaitham appreciates.\nAlhaitham's grandmother told him: "You and your father both like reading. Now, I can't say if the two of you have been given too much share of wisdom or not, but always remember that being different is a gift."\nKnowledge is to be recognized, pursued, and trusted, but one should never forget to question it. Perhaps only those who come to such an understanding will not be easily moved by Canned Knowledge and other convenient knowledge media. And only someone who had already met these prerequisites would have casually read the Akasha manual sealed deep within the House of Daena.\nAs Alhaitham's grandmother had said, books contain useless information, and sometimes in large amounts, but his sharp mind will sift through them — and if a book he has read lingers in his memory, it will come in handy one day.\nAfter his grandmother's passing, Alhaitham managed her funeral on his own, inheriting her properties and her small library. Before she passed away, Alhaitham's grandmother gave him this earnest blessing: "You are such a smart child. Many such people have large egos and a propensity to act on their own. You are outstanding and possess a broader horizon than ordinary people. This is not a bad thing, but you must take care to have a clearer mind than others. You must understand that vain pursuits are but dust, and that you must discern your path with the greatest of wisdom."\nLater, Alhaitham applied for the Akademiya and was immediately admitted, scoring high marks in the Haravatat entrance exam. He was informed that his grandmother had also applied for him to be able to attend classes in other Darshans. Following his late grandmother's advice, Alhaitham has always kept a low profile and a clear mind, and always makes decisions for himself.\nYears later, when Alhaitham moved into his new house, he brought all those books over. While sorting through them, he flipped through a few that he had read long ago. The journals that had well-wishes written on their title pages were from his mother's collection, and the ones with reference materials inserted between pages and notes on the margins had once belonged to his father. On top of them, there was a thick book with an exquisite, emerald-colored cover. On the title page, his grandmother had written thus: May my child Alhaitham lead a peaceful life.\nThe Doer's Belt Pouch:\n\nA sturdy and durable green belt pouch.\nPeople often mistake it for a wide belt, an impression perhaps reinforced by its color being in perfect harmony with Alhaitham's outfit.\nThere are only a few things in this pouch: Keys, some recent read of Alhaitham's, and a portable music player that goes with his headphones.\nAlhaitham personally made the music player when he first became the scribe, and it is connected to the headphones via cables of the same color. He sometimes uses the gadget to play music, and other times, to block noise.\nVision:\n\n"The value of language is not limited to words. A unified language helps to govern thoughts. Language is the bottom line, rules, weapons, and violence. By making our language unique, we can open up a special path to the relative completion of minds.\nGoverning thoughts may appear meaningless to some, but to others, it has a very significant meaning. Individuals' pursuit of uniqueness gives rise to various languages and media. People are controlled by language under many circumstances."\nAs Alhaitham flipped through these pages, reaching the end of the book and its back cover, he realized that an intricate ornament had been underneath the tome this whole time.\nOf course, he knew what it was — a Vision, the proof of one's power. However, this item did not mean much to him.\nA believer might have perceived this divine item to be a thing most lofty, but to him, it was no more than a useful tool.\nAlhaitham was out on a research trip when he was given the Vision.\nHe didn't plan to dwell too much on it. It belonged to him, after all, so what difference would it make if he checked on it tomorrow, as opposed to today?\nAnd just like the knowledge he has acquired, what he has obtained shall always remain in his possession.\n~~Alhaitham ends here~~\nAloy:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nOutcast, hunter of machines, Seeker, Anointed, Savior... Aloy had many identities in her original world, and she was destined on account of her genetics to be the heroine who would heal it.\nNow, she has arrived in a new world, full of never-before-seen challenges, and once again, she throws herself gladly into the hunt.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nAloy was born an outcast, deeply rejected and feared by her tribe. She was raised in the rugged mountains near their tribal dwellings by the experienced Hunter, Rost.\nHe taught her how to hunt: to have cat-like form and deadly accuracy. And yet, he could not pass the most important thing onto her — the truth of her birth. Who were her parents? Why had she been cast out?\nUnfortunately, the reasons for this were known only to the very High Matriarchs of the tribe who had exiled her.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nThere was only one way to discover the identity of Aloy's parents — victory at the Proving, the tribe's annual hunting contest, in which the victor would be free to ask for a reward.\nShe would train hard all her life for that event, but when the moment of trial came, the ritual would end in tragedy.\nMysterious assassins slew the participating Hunters, and it was only through Rost's sacrifice that Aloy was able to escape.\nLater, Aloy would learn that she was the true target of the attack, for she had almost exactly the same face as an enigmatic, ancient woman.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nAloy knew that she had to find these killers to understand her origins.\nHer pursuit brought her into a wild and dangerous world far beyond her imagination, bringing strange and powerful tribes, mysterious ancient ruins, and terrifying enemies — whether human or machine — before her.\nIn the end, the true enemy, HADES, appeared before her. It was an artificial intelligence filled with malice, bent on cleansing the world of all life.\nThere was only one way to defeat HADES: investigate her link with that ancient woman, that "Aloy from the past"... Or could she have been her mother?\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nHot on HADES' trail, Aloy traversed a great many ruins from the distant past, and ultimately discovered her origin: she was not born of human flesh and blood but was the result of cloning.\nThe genetics of the woman who had saved all life 1,000 years ago had been the basis for her creation.\nThis had not only granted her the abilities she had possessed since birth, but had also guided her destiny, for this genetic material was the key to preventing the second coming of the apocalypse.\nArmed with this knowledge, and with the help of allies from many tribes, Aloy was finally able to defeat HADES and its human and machine minions in a decisive battle in the shining city of Meridian.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nAfter defeating HADES, Aloy embarked on a new journey, pursuing ancient technologies and cleansing the land that HADES had trampled underfoot.\nIn her long journey, she found every Old World Ruin that there was to be found in search of the Old Ones' lost secrets.\nIn one ancient, dilapidated laboratory, she found something she had never seen before — a gleaming portal. As she drew close, she was enveloped by powerful energies, and she saw her own image within the portal as one looking into a mirror, feeling as if she were in two places at once.\nWith a flash of light, the "world" that Aloy knew completely disappeared from her sight, and she now found herself in a strange, beautiful new world just waiting to be explored.\n~~Aloy ends here~~\nAmber:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nAmber is an Outrider of the Knights of Favonius. In an age where Outriders are becoming obsolete, she continues on with her responsibilities.\nIt takes a newcomer only a few days to feel right at home with this passionate girl.\nWhether it's before the Good Hunter's signboard, the banks of Cider Lake, or the tree tops at Windrise, one can find traces of this vigilant Outrider in red anywhere.\nOnce spotted by her, no suspicious individual can ever escape her interrogation.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nFrom a young age, Amber has always had boundless energy and a positive outlook on life.\nEach day, she burns with a fiery enthusiasm that sees her go about her life like a whirlwind, smashing through any obstacle that stands in her way.\nAt times, however, her excessive energy can make her quite the troublemaker.\nNeedless to say, she was quite a handful when she was young. Her infamous deeds include accidentally dropping a bird's nest on her grandpa's head while trying to steal the eggs from it and setting a Dendro Slime's leaves on fire, causing it to scurry about like a wild animal. These minor offenses gained her some notoriety among hunters' camps.\nSomehow, Amber was always able to escape the scene of the crime whenever she caused an incident, and not even a veteran Outrider could catch up with her. Invariably, it was Amber's grandpa who ended up on damage control duty each time his granddaughter's misbehavior caused yet another incident.\nTo Amber, her grandpa's silent, unconditional love was like a warm breeze that wrapped around her like a blanket. She knew that it was because of this love that he accepted her and took responsibility for her deeds, and she embraced it silently.\nBut it was only on the day that her grandpa resigned from the Knights of Favonius that she finally understood the full extent of the responsibility he had borne all those years.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nAmber's grandpa was once the leader of a mercenary group. He came from Liyue Harbor and was tasked with protecting merchant caravans as they traversed Teyvat. One day, on a routine escort job, the caravan fell prey to a savage monster attack. He was the only survivor, saved by a doctor from the Knights of Favonius.\nToo ashamed to return home and anxious to repay the debt, Amber's grandpa joined the Knights of Favonius.\nBefore long, he single-handedly founded the Outriders, trained each one of them personally, and began leading them on missions.\nIt also wasn't long before he found love in the foreign land of Mondstadt and started a family.\nYears later, Amber was born into that family. During the day, she would crouch by the window and secretly watch him training the Outriders. At night, she would sneak into the yard and practice the moves he had taught that day.\nAmber's grandpa was touched by her enthusiasm, and decided to teach her everything he knew.\n"When Mondstadt accepted me, it became my homeland. Then, I decided to watch over this new home of mine. Maybe one day, you will inherit this responsibility... Hah, but then, who knows what the future holds?"\nAs the coarse skin of her grandpa's palm rubbed against her head, a bewildered but earnest Amber nodded energetically in response.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nSomething happened one day four years ago that profoundly changed Amber.\nThat day, her grandpa left his coat of arms and sword in his office and simply disappeared, leaving no note and telling no one he was leaving.\nHe had been the beating heart and the backbone of the Outrider division, and without his leadership they rapidly became undisciplined and lost their edge.\nA few failed operations later, the Outrider division was facing obsoletion. In the end, it was preserved as a part of the Knights' organization, but in name only. Experienced members either transferred to another detachment or resigned, and so few outriders stayed that they simply did not have enough people to fulfill their daily patrol duties.\nOn top of this, rumors that Amber's grandpa had defected made recovery even more difficult for the struggling Outrider division.\nAmber personally experienced this entire episode, having just been admitted to the Outriders before it all began. With the decline of her squad, she experienced true loss and disappointment for the first time in her life. No longer her carefree former self, she was filled with a new determination: She was going to grow up and become a true outrider as quickly as possible, no matter what it took.\nShe had never made an actual plan before, and lacked the maturity to know where to start. But what she did have was confidence and courage — and lots of it.\nShe wanted to show she had inherited her grandpa's determination, and she wanted to find out where he had gone.\nBut more importantly, she wanted to inherit her grandpa's former role and become a loyal protector of her homeland.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nLife in the Knights of Favonius was not easy for Amber in the beginning.\nBeing as young as she was and having just lived through the trauma of losing her grandpa, the senior knights made a point of taking special care of her.\nHowever, for a girl as desperate to excel as she was, being taken care of by others implied that she wasn't yet mature enough to stand on her own two feet.\nAccordingly, she voraciously sought out extra responsibilities and made this as visible as possible to her seniors.\nFinally, during an intense engagement with some monsters, the seniors noticed her bravery and resourcefulness in the heat of battle.\nThat was the moment when they realized that their little girl was growing up.\nAs she matured, she also became more at ease with herself. Whatever feedback she met with, be it praise, rebuke, silence, or taunting, her response was always the same.\n"For sure, I may still have a way to go before I catch up with my seniors. But one day, I'm gonna be the best Outrider ever!"\nAmber is not prone to too much deliberation, preferring instead to speak her mind, truthfully and frankly, at every occasion.\nShe firmly believes that she will not disappoint her grandpa.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nToday, Amber is still the firecracker she always was, burning with endless passion and energy.\nNow that she's all grown up, Amber holds firm to her grandpa's teachings as she spreads her Wind Glider's wings and watches over the City of Freedom with the eye of an eagle and the cautious cunning of a bunny rabbit.\nThe "Crimson Knight" is known throughout Mondstadt.\nThe people are delighted to see the mischievous little girl they remember growing up to be a guardian they can rely on.\n"Never fear, Outrider Amber is here!"\nHer self-confidence is simply unshakable:\n"I am Outrider Amber, the one and only outrider — which makes me the best one out there!"\nAmber's Journal:\n\nAmber doesn't make writing a daily diary a habit, only electing to write special or memorable events down in her journal.\n"I finally caught that magical bird! It's called a Rami... something. I don't remember. But I've been chasing it for three days, and I've only been able to sit down for a proper meal today. That magical bird was a really cunning one, burrowing in the thick forest like that. Good thing I didn't give up! Best of all, Master Jean gave me special permission to pluck a feather plume from it as my reward. Hehe, I'll wear it at my side every single day!"\n"I'm sure I followed the cookbook to the letter and grilled the meat for six minutes. But while the outside is charred, the inside isn't cooked yet... Did I not control the heat properly? But I really am hungry, so I'll just have to try again tomorrow. One day, I'll make the best steak, and I'll call it... the Outrider's Champion Steak!"\n"I met a strange outlander today. I was suspicious at first, but as it turns out, this outlander is both reliable and capable. Ugh, come to think of it, what would I do if an enemy that strong showed up? ...I musn't fall behind. I must train harder!"\nVision:\n\nAmber once believed that if she took on her grandpa's post, she would understand why he left Mondstadt.\nHowever, even when she officially became an Outrider, she was no closer to unraveling the mystery behind his wordless departure.\nHer grandpa had left nothing for her to find either, indicating that she would have to forge her own path.\nAmber floundered for a while, until she flipped through an old book of fables that she would eventually come to treasure.\n"What you lacked was not wind, but courage. It is courage that has allowed you to become the first flying birds of this world."\nAmber realized that she shouldn't wait for directions from someone else, but that she should be like those courageous birds that spread their wings and flew into the blue skies.\n"There must be something that only I can do. There must be."\nThe moment she realized this, a Vision began to shine brightly at her hip.\n~~Amber ends here~~\nArataki Itto:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nWhile walking through Hanamizaka, it is hard not to notice a young man of the oni race named Arataki Itto.\nNever mind his horns or piercing voice sticking out like sore thumbs — the sight of him enthusiastically joining in to play childrens' games is enough to set him apart from the crowd.\nIn any case, his obvious lack of things to do stands in stark contrast to Hanamizaka itself, where craftspeople gather in droves and busy themselves all day long.\nItto claims to be the "first and greatest head of the Arataki Gang," the responsibilities and duties of which he tried to explain to some Tenryou Commission officials when they came to him to investigate a rather harmless street brawl. Unfortunately, they interrupted him not two minutes into the explanation before marking him down as "unemployed."\nThat designation is not exactly accurate, of course: other than the Gang's activities, which the Shogunate does not acknowledge, Itto does also do some odd jobs to stay solvent, usually working one day before taking three days off.\nAs such, a more accurate designation should have been "three-quarters unemployed."\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nObjectively speaking, Itto's reputation leaves much to be desired within Inazuma City.\nEven though he is not considered a villain, he is certainly no law-abiding citizen either. If one really had to assign some sort of hazard level to him, then perhaps the level of being used by parents to keep naughty children in line ("If you don't behave, Arataki Itto will come and snatch your snacks away!" for example) might suffice.\nThat said, unlike threats of "the Great Mujina Youkai grabbing you and taking you deep into the mountains," or "being inlaid upon the Shogun's statue," the scenario threatened here can actually occur.\nStill, "snatching" is, again, not accurate, for the fate of these snacks is decided fair and square by ritual combat!\nIn the eyes of many, winning snacks off kids in competitions is exceedingly shameless, but Itto believes that every battle must be taken seriously, whether one's foe is a 5-year old child or the Almighty Shogun herself.\nIt is also due to this conviction that Itto can lose to a child without any reservations at all.\nAnd while the adults have much to say about his behavior, the children find Itto the big oni to be a rather good playmate.\nHe is knowledgeable about all manner of street games and plays them all with great gusto. He also stands up for any who are being bullied.\nLately, the children have been very into Onikabuto battles against Itto.\nThe rules of this game are simple and the fighting is both fierce and very watchable. Most importantly of all, they actually have a pretty decent chance of winning this one, unlike with other games.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nFor the longest time, the Tenryou Commission has regarded the Arataki Gang as a group of only occasional troublemakers who do not require that much attention.\nThis group only has less than 10 regular members and there are many internal disagreements concerning the date of its founding.\nAkira believes that it all began when Itto saved him from a few two-bit ruffians. That day, Itto persisted even after having been knocked to the ground 7 times, ultimately causing the punks to back off in annoyance. Helping Akira up from the ground, Itto declared: "Well, guess you're with the Arataki Gang now!"\nGenta and Mamoru believe that the Gang was truly founded at the end of a certain year when they all squatted on the outskirts of Inazuma City and roasted Lavender Melons.\nThat day, not one of them had a single Mora to their name, and they were all very hungry indeed. While gorging himself on a melon, Itto said with a sigh, "We should roast Lavender Melons like this every year!"\nThat said, neither Genta nor Mamoru thinks that these experiences need much memorializing.\nFor Kuki Shinobu, the Gang was officially formed the first time she had to drag Itto's sorry behind out of Shogunate gaol, for this was the first time any official records had ever made mention of the Arataki Gang.\nAs for Itto, he believes that the Arataki Gang existed from the first moment those words entered his mind.\nUnfortunately, he no longer remembers when that was.\nAnd as for Granny Oni, who has taken care of Itto since he was young, she believes that the Gang was never formed.\nTo her, these children are just "Itto and his friends."\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nThe land of Inazuma has been home to the oni race since antiquity.\nThey existed here alongside the lordly Hakushin kitsune bloodline and the tengu.\nSuch youkai often have supernatural abilities that humans could only look upon in envy, but the oni lack many special traits in that regard.\nOther than the horns on their heads, they are mostly remembered for their explosive tempers and penchant for making trouble.\nAs for their legendary fear of beans, it has a scientific basis.\nAs it turns out, oni are allergic to beans. However, because the oni bloodline has thinned out greatly over time, most people display only very minor allergic reactions.\nUnfortunately for Itto, his allergies are still pretty severe. Forget eating beans, so long as he makes skin contact with them, Itto will get itchy all over and even find it hard to breathe.\nThis thus makes beans the only thing that the usually carefree Itto is particularly wary of in his daily life.\nFor their part, the Arataki Gang members do not order any dishes made with beans, not even in private, as a mark of respect for him.\nOf all products made with beans, Itto fears Fried Tofu the most — indeed, he even says that the very sight of it leaves him feeling queasy for three days straight.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nAnd when one mentions Fried Tofu, a certain pyrrhic victory immediately comes to mind.\nThe battle that caused that incident began as a rather pedestrian conflict: a fox-eared lady had happened to sit in the chair that Itto would customarily sit on while eating at his favorite food stand... and on his payday, no less.\nThe two began a contest of words over whom the chair belonged to, culminating in a straight-up (unnecessary) battle.\nItto, hungry from a hard day's work, chose an eating contest, while the fox-eared lady chose a theme of "kitsune ramen."\nItto was momentarily at a loss when he realized that said ramen contained Fried Tofu, but with the oni race's pride on the line, he soldiered on gamely en route to victory nonetheless.\nAnd as for that innocent chair, it was ultimately given to Itto as a trophy by the rather mortified owner of the food stand.\nRegarding the various contests he has been in, there are two that still weigh on Itto's mind quite heavily.\nOne of them is the rematch that he demanded of Kujou Sara, who defeated him and took his Vision as part of her duties in the Tenryou Commission.\nTo this day, the Kujou has not agreed to the street corner sumo match, something that frustrates Itto to no end.\nThe other incident happened many years ago when Itto was young. Then, he had gotten into an argument with a young tengu, the result of which was a sumo match in the Byakko Plain. Unexpectedly, the ensuing furor sent them both rolling down a mountain.\nIn the end, it was the tengu who carried Itto, who could not walk after spraining his ankle, all the way home. Of course, the match went unsettled.\nJust his luck, Itto often thinks, that both such incidents had to do with tengu!\nAlso, how on earth were these tengu all so strong despite looking so skinny?\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nEvery oni child has probably heard the story of the Crimson Oni and the Blue Oni:\nThe gentle, helpful Crimson Oni defeated the wicked Blue Oni, thus winning the respect of the humans.\nThis was Itto's favorite story when he was young, and he was proud of his red oni horns and his Crimson Oni lineage.\nHowever, this simple pride was shaken by a certain incident.\nWhen incidents of robbery occurred in the village in which Itto lived, the Arataki family fell under suspicion on account of their oni heritage.\nItto no longer remembers the details of that incident, but he remembers the wary, disgusted stares the villagers gave him and his parents as they left, and the parting words they said, which Itto has heard countless times since:\n"Once an oni, always an oni."\nNo matter the time period, all oni are the same as far as humans are concerned. In that case, would it not be better to become the Blue Oni, whom people feared? Surely that was preferable to being like his parents, who were driven out despite having done nothing wrong.\nAfter his parents died of illness, the young Itto was turned out onto the streets, where he would lay into anyone who spoke ill of the oni race.\nWell, Itto was mostly the one getting laid into. But he proved quite the pain in the neck, never giving up no matter how many times they knocked him down.\nStill, he was only a child and eventually collapsed on the street due to exhaustion and hunger after a terrible round of beatings at the hands of some ruffians who had banded together against him.\nAt this moment of crisis, Itto was saved by an old human woman.\n"Why did you save me? Can't you see that I'm an oni?" "You must be hungry. Come, I've made some porridge."\n"I told you, I'm an oni! Can't you see them horns?" "Oh, I can see them. Do you want some of that porridge, by the way?"\n"Agh, you know what, you're not listening to me at all. Oh, alright... One bowl of porridge, please." "Coming right up."\nThe Great Singalong:\n\nAs the year was drawing to a close, the Arataki Gang met to discuss how they might celebrate the turnover of the year.\nAs opposed to more reputable organizations, the Arataki Gang did not have any fixed venues to hold their activities, which posed some... logistical issues.\nThe Lavender Melon suggestion was quickly eliminated. While roasting melons itself was certainly not an issue, eating only that to celebrate the new year certainly was.\nAn Onikabuto festival was considered, but the year's end was not mating season, and so the contestants would not be half as motivated as they usually were.\nUltimately, lots were drawn, and the "Great Singalong" was selected.\nThis activity was suggested by Itto himself, and it entailed everyone standing on a cliff and singing against the ocean wind to express their innermost feelings and well-wishes for the future.\nThe various gang members actually rejected this in their hearts when they found out about it. After all, screaming into the wind was nowhere near as fun as eating melons. Kuki Shinobu even indicated that she would like to take leave to return home on that day.\nHowever, the event went through nonetheless. The yelling and hollering were indeed quite soothing for the soul — and as things unexpectedly turned out, Itto was quite the good singer as well.\nVision:\n\nItto's Vision was something he found under his hip after waking up one morning. By that point, he had already been in Hanamizaka for many a year, and his livelihood was at least somewhat stable.\n"Well I never! Dad, Mom, Gramps, Granny, and Granny Oni, this... Now isn't this something?"\nThese were Itto's real thoughts as he first looked upon his Vision.\nThat day, he would excitedly show his Vision to every person he met, even showing people where it had made an indentation on his back until everyone was thoroughly sick of hearing the story.\nA few days later, however, the story would change a little:\n"Now as you know, I wasn't surprised at all when I first saw that Vision. I mean, you'd expect as much out of the first and greatest head of the Arataki Gang, after all!"\n"More importantly, a person's worth isn't something that can be determined by a mere Vision, oh no, sir!"\nThe keen-eyed, however, would notice that Itto had bought a very soft spectacle cloth.\nAlso, a certain question showed up in the advice column of the "That's Life" magazine that went like this:\n"Ms. Hina, how should I best take care of my Vision and make it shinier? And when I say 'shinier,' I mean shinier than everyone else's, of course!"\nWhen gang members read this and excitedly showed the magazine to Itto, they were surprised to see the long-time fan of Ms. Hina just look at the mag casually before laying it aside.\n~~Arataki Itto ends here~~\nArlecchino:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nThe Hotel Bouffes d'ete, situated in the Vasari Passage, is a lovely building with clean walls and sparkling windows, and well-mannered, well-groomed children frequent it every day.\nUnlike other mansions of comparable beauty in the Court of Fontaine, the registered owner of this property does not live on-site. Indeed, nearby residents have not even heard of her.\nThe signature on the relevant documentation is but a false identity — the real power lies with someone else.\nIf one could hear the children whisper at night behind the Hotel's closed gates, one would hear this appellation: "Father."\nWhen speaking of "Father," some faces turn worshipful, some hearts are seized with fear, and still others look inscrutable, torn — but their tone always becomes one of respect.\nThese children are part of the organization known as the House of the Hearth. They belong to the Fatui.\nThis place is home to orphans the world over, and the luxurious Hotel is but one of the House's faces.\nAs for this "Father," the master of the House, she is none other than The Knave, Arlecchino, presently Fourth of the Fatui Harbingers.\nThe Fatui — and this Harbinger — enjoy a mixed reputation. But to most of these children, "Father" is the most important figure in their lives.\n"It is only because 'Father' is here that this place is truly like a 'home.'"\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nAlmost all who have had dealings with The Knave have felt the unseen, oppressive weight that emanates from her.\nShe commands any conversation with ease, and few can keep the secrets of their heart from showing on their faces when confronted with those unique eyes.\nEver ruthless, she will settle affairs while talking and laughing, even being so considerate as to do those who come after a favor by rendering the area spotless, so as not to traumatize them.\nBut none of that is what makes her most dangerous. "The unknown" has, after all, ever been the source of all dread.\nEven the children, who interact with her on a day-to-day basis, cannot claim to understand her. Not her hobbies, her dislikes, or the things on her mind when she gazes out to sea.\nEach August, they rack their brains thinking of birthday presents for her, and yet her reactions to each gift are virtually the same.\nThis continued until last year, when Freminet was given a nasty shock by a lizard that leaped down from the ceiling. The little "invader" was caught by Lynette's sharp eyes and quick fingers and then imprisoned on top of the table by a bowl she swiftly seized.\nBoth bowl and lizard wound up being taken for that year's gift by The Knave, who just happened to return home at that moment.\nThe next day, when Lyney entered "Father"'s office to give a report, he found a familiar figure in the feeding box.\nThe temperature and humidity within the box seemed to be eminently suitable for the little lizard, which seemed to be quite enjoying itself.\n"Father" seemed to have experience in rearing reptiles.\nAs The Knave raised her teacup, Lyney immediately shifted his gaze away from the lizard, but he quietly noted this incident to himself.\nThe children seize every opportunity they can to get closer to their "Father," after all.\nThus, Lyney, Lynette, and Freminet began looking up all sorts of knowledge regarding raising lizards, hoping to have something to discuss with "Father" when next they saw her.\nBut just a few days later, when he next set foot in her office, the box was already empty.\n"'Father'... What happened to that lizard?"\n"It attempted to open the box lid a few times, so I gave it back its freedom. Our acquaintance was brief indeed, but that was the choice life made."\nThe Knave's voice was completely calm. Looking at the confused Lyney, she then directed a casual finger at a bird that was poking about at the windowsill.\n"Ah, yes. Not long after it left, the lizard became this one's lunch. Now it seems to want me to serve it seconds... Go chase it away."\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nVanity is but human, and adolescent children gradually gain awareness of beauty and homeliness. They begin to surreptitious don accessories and trim their split hairs with scissors.\nRebellious little tendencies such as these are of no concern to "Father," nor will she interfere.\nBut should a child reveal their position during a night operation on account of a necklace she would not lay aside — now this would require a "Father"'s instruction.\nThus did Arlecchino enter that girl's room, a lovely handbag in hand.\nThe necklace had already been taken off and placed on the table, and the girl stood trembling next to it. She knew her error.\nArlecchino scooped up the necklace and gazed upon it, before walking over and looping it back around the girl's unblemished neck.\nShe then lifted the flowing gold locks around the child's ears. "Oh, you pierced them yourself."\nAnd so "Father" once more retrieved velvet ribbon and jeweled earrings from that bag, tying the girl's hair with the former, and affixing the latter to her ears.\nThen, taking her by the shoulders, she guided the girl before the mirror. The young lady reflected within was as a gem-encrusted noble rose, her beauty shining through the unease that blazed across her features.\n"It is normal to be vain at your age. But do not let these beautiful trinkets arouse vanity and dull your intellect."\n"I'm sorry, 'Father,'" the young woman anxiously apologized, her terror evident.\nWith quivering hands she reached for the earrings, making to unfasten them. "It won't happen again, I swear..."\nBut the mirror showed only "Father"'s unwavering calm, her smile seemingly undimmed.\n"Shh... Do not be so nervous. People often long for that which they cannot have, and it would not do for regret to make beautiful memories seem ever rosier."\n"Wear them. Once you have grown accustomed to them, you will realize that no gem, however exquisite, is any more than an object, cold and dead."\n"This is your new lesson — to understand the source of your emotions. Master them, use them. Never be their slave."\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nBefore "Father" rewrote the rules, the House of the Hearth had a wholly different face.\nThe previous Knave was named Crucabena. Of course, few used that name directly, and the children all called her "Mother."\nAnd she seemed a perfect one: a friendly smile, a gentle demeanor, conscientiously caring for her family, and never without stories to tell the children.\nYet, should you have been brought up in an even slightly ordinary environment, the tales she told would have curdled your blood and chilled you to the marrow...\nShe would speak of unspeakable cruelties as if they were fairy-tale fantasies, guiding the House members to mutual slaughter, until the strongest among them was selected as "king."\nShe called herself a mother, but never saw the Hearth as her home. To her, the unnumbered sacrifices were but an interesting experiment.\n...\nBefore taking the title of The Knave and changing her name to Arlecchino, the young girl had another name: Peruere.\nShe was an orphan of unknown origin, like all others in the House of the Hearth — a "child" of their "Mother."\nMany knew that "Mother" favored her especially, indeed, caring far more for Peruere than even her own biological daughter, Clervie.\nAs such, even to the last, few understood why Peruere repaid this kindness with a magnificent assassination.\nCrucabena's insane experimentation took place far from prying eyes, so naturally, almost none knew of them.\nPeruere was thus tarred as having committed "matricide," her madness known to all.\n...\nEven after the dust had settled, she who had once been Peruere — and was now Arlecchino — did not offer any explanation.\nShe indulged the spread of these rumors, and indeed added fuel to the fire from the shadows.\nWhether as a diplomat or assassin, one profits most from seeing through the other party while keeping oneself shrouded in mystery.\nA small tombstone stands at the site where she slew their "Mother," the eulogy penned by her hand.\n"Here the last light of the setting sun lies buried. Here the coming dawn finds a welcome."\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nTo hide her origins and consign the truth to the flames, Arlecchino has always proclaimed herself a Fontainian.\nThe truth is, however, that she discovered an ability to wield a strange fire from a young age.\nThis attracted much curiosity, as no one in her "family" knew of such power. But at her young age, this seemed like no ability to be boasted of so much as a deep-rooted curse.\nEach time she let her vigilance wane, this power would run rampant, eating away at her body. First her fingers, then her palms, and then her forearms...\nThe blackened marks were akin to those of burned charcoal, just as she seemed akin to burning firewood.\nHere she had a vague foreboding, that if this dark shadow were to creep up her shoulder, and snake from shoulder to heart, she would likely undergo some sort of "change."\nPerhaps that would be the moment fate tipped its hand to her.\n...\nEven without the corrosion, this flame brought her other troubles.\nThose rendered ash by these fires would leave "afterimages." At times, they were fragments of memory, and at others, they donned the aspect of dazzling colors.\nAs those who fell at her hand increased, Arlecchino began to hear various voices.\nScreams, wails, and hurled recriminations would wake her from dreams, and she soon grew used to this. She had few dreams worth remembering fondly, in any case, filled as most were with crimson moon and barren wilds.\nIn cases few and far between, these afterimages would be complete enough to take on the form of a "conscious individual."\nOf course, these were hardly as special as "Clervie's shadow," but they would still appear by Arlecchino's side, driving the clamor away and buying her a moment's respite.\nLike children at play, they would gather for a time, and then drift away as they pleased.\nArlecchino remembered who they were in life. But she would never call them by their names.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nAfter meeting the Tsaritsa, being bestowed with a Delusion, and inheriting the name "Arlecchino," the young Knave was also granted an individual audience with her superior.\nDirector Pierro's expression lay hidden behind his half-mask.\n"I know you still harbor dissatisfaction and doubt. As such, I will answer five of your questions concerning the world... or concerning yourself."\n"You need not ask for guarantees from me, ask about our programs and principles, or about Her Majesty's ideals. Those, I can answer freely and without reservation."\nArlecchino did not wholly trust The Jester's open honesty.\n"Then let me also state that I reject any deliberate mystifications or obfuscations, as well as word games and lies."\n"Most prudent. In that case, allow me to answer the first question weighing on you. Why did we choose you, and why did you accept? 'The naive will die for their ideals, but we are willing to endure even the meanest existence to accomplish our goals.'"\n...\n"Question three. What do my constant dreams of a crimson moon and my powers mean?"\n"I once served the final dynasty of an ancient underground kingdom. Its dynastic name was 'Eclipse,' and before them came the 'Crimson Moon.' As for the secrets from before your birth... I suggest you purchase a book named 'Hierobranto Innamorato.' I read no such tales in the days when I pursued academic attainment and saw it only by chance. The circumstances depicted are specious, but the key details are accurate."\n...\n"Question five. What will become of me and the others in the House of the Hearth once everything is finished?"\n"I will be frank. None of you have any place in my ideals, for I plan only to uphold 'the virtue of folly.' But I can guarantee that our Tsaritsa will once again be a god who loves all humans, and in her ideals shall all human wishes be granted."\nThis "virtue of folly" was, of course, left enigmatic, but she accepted this answer nonetheless. The Fool had given five answers to her five questions, and the mist that covered her eyes was beginning to part.\n"Arlecchino."\nPierro called out to her as she departed, and she turned around.\n"Rather than dwelling on how the world is now, you should consider to where it should go."\nThe sounds of her departing footsteps as she spun on her heel and kept walking were the only reply.\n"Marelle":\n\nThe House of the Hearth uses many codewords to maintain operational security and secrecy, and of these, "Marelle" was personally selected by The Knave herself.\n"Marelle" takes its meaning from a popular Fontainian children's game. Boxes sequentially marked with numbers are drawn out on the ground, a sandbag is thrown into one of the boxes, and the player will jump from box to box in a specific order.\nNo one knows when this game began to spread, nor who created the rules, but all young children of the Hearth have experienced being taken by older children to play the game.\nLight-footed leaps, boisterous laughter... The memories married to "Marelle" were always wonderful, like the kiss of radiant sunshine.\nAs such, at first the children were perplexed when their "Father" was torn between assigning "At Ease" or "Danger" to that codeword.\nLittle did they know that in the House that came before, Marelle was no game.\nIn those days, each and every child would leap into the boxes one by one under the vigilant eyes of the adults. Stepping out of the lines or breaking the rhythm was not allowed.\nThere was never a need to ask the punishment for making a bad jump, for the area outside of the boxes was lined with upturned blades.\nThose who lost their balance, whose stamina failed, or simply made an error out of fear... So, so many fell beyond the bounds, and the dark-red soil mourned that painful past.\nNone would have associated it with being "at ease" — indeed, few could speak of it without blanching.\nYet, after her hesitation, Arlecchino chose "at ease" as the codeword's meaning that day.\nMarelle was by then no longer associated with "danger." Now, all that came to mind when this game was mentioned were smiling faces.\nIn which case, she thought, let those unhappy memories dwell in her heart alone. Let the blood and dust be wiped away, for should children not see a broader future?\nVision:\n\nArlecchino has many sources of power.\nThe ancient Balemoon Bloodfire burns within her, the noble blood serving as both curse and blessing — this was her first support.\nThe merciful Tsaritsa pardoned her matricide and granted her a Delusion, proof of royal favor and a badge of honor. That was the third time she obtained a source of power.\nBetween these two, the girl who still called herself "Peruere" received a Vision.\nWhile Clervie yet lived, Peruere had mooted the idea of assassinating "Mother" to her. Perhaps she lacked confidence, or perhaps it was their familial bond that yet shackled her, but Clervie refused.\nClervie's destiny concluded when the cold blade pierced her. But as she slipped away towards death, she was truly happy, for she had finally found her freedom.\nBut for the living Peruere, fate's gears had only begun to turn.\nThe experiment to select a "king" was over, but "Mother"'s ambitions were far from fulfilled.\nPeruere thus decided to undertake the plan that had once been shelved solo.\nFrom that day on, she silently calculated the gap between herself and "Mother." Her martial skills were the fruit of her "Mother"'s tutelage, and the strength flowing through her bloodline was laid bare before "Mother."\nAnd what was a child before adults but a nestling — even one who had emerged as ruler of the roost?\nBut what her life of suffering up till now had not taught her was how to give up.\nThus Peruere constantly honed herself, though her body became riddled with scars from constant battle, though her arms should be burned black from baleful blood-fire she could not completely control.\nThen, on one moonlit night, a Vision came to her without warning or portent.\nThe round Vision lined up perfectly with the moon, and the glimmering gem tinted the latter crimson—\nWas this her wish?\nWas this merely the fruit of hundreds of days and nights of ceaseless thought?\nSuch a question was doomed to remain unanswered, and so she did not obsess over it.\nShe merely concealed the Vision in the place closest to her heart before sending "Mother" a "pleasant little surprise."\nAs a Fatui Harbinger, Arlecchino bows before no god. Yet though it represents the institution of The Seven, she always takes meticulous care of this Vision.\nTo her, this is proof of her defiance of fate, wresting from it command over her future.\n\n