Candace:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nCandace, who has heterochromatic eyes, serves as the guardian of Aaru Village.\nCandace always shows the greatest kindness to all travelers visiting the village, and she will not pursue an inadvertent faux pas so long as that person corrects themselves in time. In Candace's view, the village rules are the most important thing. So long as these boundaries are respected, anyone can be allowed to rest in Aaru Village.\nBut woe betide those who regard this tolerance as weakness. Those who try to do anything illegal in Aaru Village will definitely pay the price.\nBy then, they will find that Candace's lance and shield truly are the most frightening of weapons.\nThe scion of Al-Ahmar, a member of desert folk, the Guardian... Candace, burdened as she is with multiple identities, also bears the eternal responsibility of guarding Aaru Village.\n"This village only welcomes those who can follow the rules."\nCharacter Story 1:\n\n"Aaru Village is the final refuge for King Deshret's descendants."\n"The mission of the Aaru Village's Guardian is to guard the village till the last of King Deshret's people fade away."\nWhen Candace was officially appointed as the new "Guardian" at the tender age of eight, the one who handed the position over to her admonished her as such.\nWith King Deshret's death, it was already a blessing that his descendants might have such a refuge from the world.\nAnd so, generation after generation, the Guardians take up their duties in silence, defending countless villagers until they pass on as the "descendants of King Deshret" and gain eternal peace.\nIt was once the common wish of the residents of Aaru Village to fade away in peace, sequestered in their village.\nHowever, when new life emerges in this ancient village... Everything that they used to know might just have to change a bit.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nWhen Uncle Anpu, the village head, announced that a caravan from Sumeru City was about to arrive in the village for trade, the former Guardians could hardly believe their ears.\nThey indignantly accused Uncle Anpu of undermining tradition and requested that Candace, the current Guardian, do her duty by summoning guards to drive the merchants out.\nHowever, Candace refused the request, for she had already reached an agreement with the village head that the village must make changes for the future of its residents.\nThey kept explaining, but the former keepers did not relent, and it was even suggested that if Candace was unwilling to do her duty, they would take up arms again and carry out a Guardian's work themselves. At last, a clang of lance against shield silenced all the quarrels. With lance and shield in her hand, Candace stood up and looked around with a smile, before announcing to the stunned elderly folks around her:\n"It is good to see you all in such good spirits."\n"But I am the current Guardian of Aaru Village, so please, go and rest, as you should."\nThe persuasive power of weapons trumped words at this moment, and it seemed that it would be enough to end the fracas.\nAfter a moment's preparation, Candace accompanied the village head in her station as Guardian to formally receive the caravan and hold trade negotiations with them, before personally escorting them out of the village.\nA few days later, the merchants visited again and completed this seemingly humble transaction regarding cloths.\nThis batch of merchants returned to Sumeru City with news of the success of the deal. Soon after, a new topic cropped up among the business-folk of Sumeru, one which had been rarely heard of in the past:\n"Hey, you know what? Someone went to Aaru Village to do business — and they made a good sum of Mora, too. Think we should give it a shot next time...?"\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nIn truth, Candace doesn't often use her lance and shield as debating tools.\nThe children in Aaru Village have always believed that "Big Sis Candace" will only frown no matter how angry she is — at most, she might ask the children in trouble to copy the calligraphy prepared for them by Grandma Kulsoom several times.\nThe other guards in Aaru Village believe that although Candace's requirements are strict, she will not give out corporal punishment to those who slack off or whose physical abilities are not up to par, and that she will simply guide them with more care instead.\nThe older folks in the village, for their period, note that Candace is a person who will not let negative emotions show on her face, and indeed, she has never once looked sad in front of them.\nEven the merchants who visit the village will be received by Candace with the utmost hospitality. From introductions to accommodations, she arranges everything in good order.\nPerhaps she might even be too gentle for the merchants' comfort.\nAfter all, this village is next to Great Red Sand. Leaving the monsters aside, lawless bandits must have long had this village in their sights.\nIs the Guardian truly capable of protecting everyone... and their business as well?\nOne night, a drunken merchant dared to ask:\n"Guardian, we can do business in this village, no problem. But as you know, this desert is a real den of outlaws..."\n"You need not worry about this. Only those who obey the rules shall be guests in Aaru Village. As for those who don't..."\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nThose who do not respect the rules shall be the "enemies" of Aaru Village.\nWhether they be Eremites hiding in the sands, bandits disguised as adventurers, or Treasure Hoarders attempting to steal goods...Anyone who dares to invade the village, no matter how they may try to hide and escape, will eventually receive the punishment they deserve.\nThose who sincerely confess their guilt will be forgiven and given enough supplies to cross the sands, but never again will they be permitted to show their faces around Aaru Village.\nAs for the more recalcitrant sort...Their despicable souls shall find company only with the desert sands.\nA former member of The Eremites once warned his companions that Candace, the terrifying Guardian of the village, is a true descendant of King Deshret.\nThe shield in her hand possesses the blessing of Al-Ahmar, such that as long as its wielder holds it tightly, every grain in the great desert will heed her call. So if Candace so wishes, she could even send forth a huge sandstorm to engulf all her foes.\nNot only that, her amber left eye can also perceive the future and read the fates of others. Indeed, such is her terrible might that none can ever escape her pursuit.\nSuch are people's beliefs concerning Candance, that she has swept all of Aaru Village's enemies away by virtue of these divine powers.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nOnly Candace herself knows that she has never really felt the blessing of Al-Ahmar.\n"The Guardians have never been blessed by the grace of god" — this is a secret handed down from Guardian to Guardian.\nOnly when a new Guardian takes up their shield will they be told the truth.\nThe effects of the truth on those now in the know has varied. Some gave up and became so despondent that they stopped practicing martial arts. Some came to believe that since they were not being watched, they didn't have to obey the rules either, and so acted recklessly, even in violation of the law.\nBut Candace was not depressed.\n"My lance and shield are not wielded as a prayer for a god's blessing."\n"My duty will not change, regardless of whether any god favors us or not."\nShe practices diligently day after day and through this has forged both an extraordinary will and martial skills.\nMany who have visited Aaru Village have extended invitations to Candace, wondering why someone as capable as her would choose to live in such an inconspicuous place. If she was willing to leave, they often say, she may yet be able to start a new career...\nYet Candace always answers them thusly:\n"A Guardian will not leave what they have purposed to protect."\nCandace's Trinkets:\n\nCandace often buys all kinds of trinkets from merchants who visit Aaru Village.\nHairpins adorned with aquamarine beads, headbands made of silk and satin, gilded necklaces, metal bracelets engraved with Kalpalata Lotus patterns, pendants with the emblems of the Akademiya's colleges drawn upon them...\nWhile Dehya has encouraged her to dress up more often and use the Mora she spends on herself, Candace feels that some things are too fragile to survive her daily work environment, and so she puts them deep in her wardrobe.\nSo it seems that these trinkets will come in handy only when Candace temporarily puts her duties aside and changes into other clothes to have a rest in the shade — or perhaps she might just give it to a friend as a gift.\nVision:\n\nWith outsiders pouring in, Aaru Village was faced with a variety of unprecedented circumstances.\nThey now had Treasure Hoarders pretending to be businessmen within the village, mercenary groups hijacking trade caravans, unscrupulous vendors engaged in charlatanry...\nMoreover, after seeing people who came from abroad, the residents of Aaru Village gradually began to yearn for life outside. Gradually, people tried to go out to make a living, and fewer and fewer young people were willing to stay in the village.\nThe former Guardians had long been dissatisfied with Candace, who, as they saw it, had "abandoned" their traditions. Seeing that the village was in such a situation, they again held a meeting and prepared to challenge her.\n"What we Guardians must do is maintain order in the village!"\n"Candace! What you have done will only cost this village its peace!"\n"Candace! Go and fulfill your duties now!"\nAs the war of words swayed back and forth, the lance-wielding female warrior suddenly shot up to her full height.\n"That's enough!"\n"If you only wish to protect the 'past' of this village, then do it yourself! Whether you wish to just remain in your homes or leave Aaru Village, that is up to you!"\n"I will not let the people of Aaru Village be bound by the past forever."\n"If you can't move forward, then it's up to me to protect our future!"\nThe old Guardians were intimidated by her, her young, fiery eyes making it impossible for them to come forward and question her further.\nBurning with rare anger, Candace hefted her long spear and stormed out of the dispute-ridden hut.\nAnd, as if in response to her convictions, a shining "jewel" had appeared at the tip of that lance, though she knew not when it had done so.\nThe eyes of the gods had found her, and they had given her their approval.\nA "Vision" is also a resolute heart — and no finer ornament than it may be found anywhere.\n~~candace ends here~~\nCharlotte:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nIn the Court of Fontaine, a new "story" is born every minute.\nFor example, Romaritime Harbor might suddenly swell with new ships, crewed by sailors of obviously non-Fontainian origin. Some fishmonger in Poisson might suddenly buy three months' worth of fish in a single month, or countless flyers boasting of a certain place where especially delicious fish can be found might suddenly appear in the Court...\nIn the eyes of a mediocre reporter or ordinary city folk, these are "independent" tales, just like there will always be waves rippling across the sea's surface — such ordinary events are barely worth paying attention to at all.\nClumsier journalists might even chase these waves, and dispiritedly end up merely following the wave's patterns, constantly pumping out "surface-level stories" of little interest.\nBut in Charlotte's eyes, these waves are but the superficial representation of other forces. What is causing them to crest and break? That is the story she seeks.\nPerhaps it is the wild winds wailing over the surface, or perhaps they are due to the Thalatta Submarine Canyon's complex seabed topography. Of course, you can't rule out the possibility of tremors from the Elton Trench either...\nThese stories are the "deep dives" Charlotte desires.\nA reporter should be an agile "seeker" — not a mere gauche "recorder."\nThis, then, is Charlotte's "work doctrine."\nAs to how she avoids being swept up in her "deep dives"... well, that's up to Euphrasie and her fellow citizens!\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nCharlotte was fascinated with the world around her from a young age.\nThe first Rainbow Rose that bloomed in the yard come spring, exceeding all others in vibrance. The children gladly padding about in puddles on the leaf-strewn streets after a storm and their hapless laughing families. The beauty of a solitary shell on the seashore, and the tiny crab surveying the world from underneath. The Blubber Profiterole she had with her family on her birthday, and the ever-so-slightly-too-deep color of the cream...\nTo most, a flower is a flower, a shell is a shell, and a Profiterole is still a Profiterole even if it is a bit too sweet — that's just how the world is.\nBut to Charlotte, these hidden "details" — only visible out of the corners of her eyes — are essential to understanding the world.\nCharlotte's father, a seasoned reporter and professional nature photographer, noticed his daughter's interest in and knack for "observation." Thus, on her tenth birthday, he gave her a custom-made Kamera, its dimensions and the positions of its buttons built specially for her.\n"Not all people are attentive enough to seek out and observe subtle differences, but this, Charlotte, is your unique talent."\nThose were the words of her father, the "Reporter of the Idylls," Galanopoulo.\nFrom then on, there was a little junior reporter by the senior reporter's side. This father-daughter tag team could be found on streets wide and narrow, forests and rivers alike, raising two Kameras, one large and one small, taking countless still images of moving beauty.\nEven though their "interviews" always caused the gentle yet strict Mrs. Gagnepetit to nag them incessantly, Charlotte's laughter never failed to be the quickest way to make her mother stop. And as for her soiled clothes and dirtied hat, those were left to the ever-capable Mr. Galanopoulo.\nTo her, the whole world is a giant treasure trove.\nAnd those pictures, for their part, are her special treasure maps.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nGalanopoulo always emphasized one thing to Charlotte:\n"A picture of sufficiently great beauty cannot be ignored."\nWith her consent, he sent the photos they'd taken to The Steambird. The editors were quickly taken with their photos — especially Charlotte's — and profusely praised Galanopoulo's ever-improving photography skills, reserving, just as before, prime placement for them in their publication.\nThose pictures caused quite the stir when they were published, with critics stumbling over each other to flatter them, and newspaper hobbyists fighting to get copies to make their clipping collections yet more colorful and vivid.\nBut when both critics or fellow journalists came calling and asked how Galanopoulo advanced his aesthetic sensibilities by leaps and bounds...\nThe veteran reporter lightly pushed Charlotte forward, saying calmly: "Ah, such pictures are beyond me. It's all my daughter's handiwork!"\nThe experienced, learned ladies and gentlemen who had come knocking could not but fall silent first, before expressing surprise, and then beginning to whisper amongst themselves and even venturing a few questions.\nCharlotte blinked. The bewildered adults before her seemed every bit like little insects searching for shelter in a storm, waving their antennae this way and that, crying "Where are the leaves? Where are the leaves?"\n"Hey, everyone, look this way!"\nThe young child's cry caused them to collectively leap out of their worn skins, and everyone turned to look, only to be greeted by a custom-made Kamera and the click of a shutter.\nIn that moment, all of it was captured on film — the furrowed brows, quirked lips, red faces, tangled hair, and waving arms, perfectly encapsulating those panicked bugs in the storm.\nThe little reporter patted her Kamera and smiled toothily.\n"I'll call this one... 'No, No, That Won't Do!'"\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nAfter Charlotte's extraordinary photography skills had made her famous, she began receiving frequent visits from manuscript writers, magazine editors, news clipping collectors, and her father's reporter colleagues. Even Euphrasie, the Editor-in-Chief of The Steambird, was amongst them.\nEuphrasie was straightforward about her intent. She hoped that Charlotte would agree to become a "special correspondent" — someone who would conduct interviews and write articles in addition to taking photographs.\n...However, her father, despite his usual mild temperament, was strongly against it. He did not wish for his daughter to associate with those kinds of people, either full of ulterior motives or hypocrites.\n"Nature is fierce, but it is honest. Storms don't loose their fury without reason, nor do beasts bare their fangs without cause."\n"But people lie — they always do. A Kamera can only capture their faces, but the lens cannot target their hearts."\nHe would respect Charlotte's decision, of course, but he preferred that Charlotte live a simpler, happier life, without sinking into the morass of humanity.\nTo Charlotte, this world was a treasure trove, and pictures her treasure maps.\nBut for the first time, she came to realize that this trove still harbored undiscovered "truths."\nThese truths were not themselves treasures, but were more akin to a procession of dark memories. Intentionally hidden, discarded, disguised, and then abandoned, with those having done so wishing that they would never be discovered, and that all events connected to them would simply end right there.\nCharlotte knew that she could find them. She could dig up these truths, like digging tulip bulbs in a garden, like leading hermit crabs out of their shells, like finding pinecones hidden by squirrels.\n...But she also felt like a bird glimpsing an onrushing flash flood, a cave rat foreseeing an earthquake, or a fish sensing a coming tsunami.\nWith great ability comes great responsibility.\nOne with the talent for uncovering "truth" was also responsible for bringing the "truth" to light.\nThe only question was, did she have the courage to do so?\nHer parents responded with silence, for they knew that their daughter had already made her choice. Charlotte was old enough, and all birds are destined to spread their wings and leave the nest someday.\nThe next morning, Euphrasie went to work as usual, and there, waiting for her at the entrance to The Steambird, she saw Charlotte, ready with her Kamera and notepad.\n"Welcome to The Steambird, Charlotte."\nEuphrasie extended a hand.\n"I believe the next La Verite Prize is yours to win."\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nThe La Verite Prize, established and funded by The Steambird, is the most prestigious prize a Fontainian reporter can win.\nOnly the best of the best have ever won it: Hirailles and her tireless reporting on the investigative work of the Maison Gardiennage, the solitary Hobereau and his marine life photography honed over decades living by the sea, and of course, Dieuleveux, famed for his unbending, straight-talking nature, to the point where all threats and criticism simply bounced off his hide, never causing his quill to waver in the slightest.\nAnd of course, the renowned genius reporter, Charlotte, has long since joined their storied number. In fact, her reporting stands out so far above the rest that she has won the prize several times in a row.\nCritics have lavished her with praise, lauding her "unequaled sense of composition," "incomparably fresh angles," "unquestionable impartiality," and "unparalleled flair"...\nDetractors, on the other hand, believe that her successive triumphs are the result of collusion between The Steambird and the prize selection committee. How could such a young and unorthodox reporter be showered with glory, if not so the newspaper employing her could also bask in that glow? And why else would she be so close to the committee members, anyway?\nEven so, her talents are beyond doubt. As another round of selection for the La Verite prize drew near, all her colleagues believed that she was guaranteed to emerge victorious once again.\nThey'd seen how she infiltrated the haunts of criminal rings alone and secretly visited illegal sweatshops... For report after report, Charlotte had braved unspeakable dangers and endured unimaginable hardships to bring the truth to readers... Whether it be in her professional dedication to the profession, her masterful manuscripts, or her attitude toward reporting, Charlotte was worthy of the committee's favor.\nThe question on everyone's minds, really — especially those of the sponsors — was "Which one of her reports will she submit to the committee?"\nIt would, after all, be her ticket to the La Verite Prize, and that would make it a collectors' item of... considerable value, surely.\nBut to everyone's astonishment, Charlotte unexpectedly declared that her submission would be a brand-new, never-before-published report, one that would reveal some heretofore unrivaled "truth."\nDear readers, to find out, please subscribe to The Steambird and look out for tomorrow's headline!\nCharacter Story 5:\n\n"Prestige Prize Proved Perniciously Partial — The Real La Verite."\nThis was the headline on the day the award was to be announced.\nIn it, Charlotte detailed the various monetary dealings that the long-serving members of the La Verite Award selection committee had engaged in over the previous decade, various inequities in their judgments, and provided an exhaustive list of reporters and reports who had been done dirty in the process.\nHer report caused an uproar in the Court of Fontaine, with countless reporters surging to the committee offices — Charlotte, of course, among them.\nAmidst a broadside of shutter clicks, Charlotte unleashed a barrage of meticulously-prepared questions from a thick notebook at the dumbstruck committee members, one after another. Red and shame-faced, the gentlemen flapped their clumsy lips as best they could, only to produce explications akin to porous cheese. In the end, they had to declare the questions out of order and in violation of normal procedure, before fleeing right before the gathered reporters' eyes.\nCharlotte's "report" had barely begun, though.\nShe continued publishing articles concerning the La Verite Award in The Steambird, even directing her pen against certain figures in the newspaper itself who had been connected to the La Verite selection committee, laying out the manner in which they had recommended reporters with whom they shared beneficial arrangements for awards, and how those reporters had returned the favors...\nCharlotte's articles swept through the Fontainian media world like a tidal wave, and in response to public outcry, the Maison Gardiennage declared an official inquiry into the Award, suspending its activities and investigating all suspicious awardees.\nCharlotte, for her part, temporarily lived inside The Steambird's offices, with all prospective visitors "wanting a word with her" being turned away by Euphrasie with extreme prejudice. It reached the point where the Maison Gardiennage even dispatched a guard detail to the newspaper's office entrance.\nWith her own hand Charlotte had lifted a huge stone that none had wanted to peek under, and the creepy crawlies that had lurked in its cracks and crevices now had to face the searing sunlight of the "truth."\nThe Maison Gardiennage's investigation concluded three months later. Judges who had given unjust judgment, contestants who had contended to win glory undeserved, and editors who sought to edify themselves all received their just deserts.\nThe La Verite Award selection committee was also wholly reorganized, now under various forms of new oversight. Once this was complete, the first thing they did was to give Charlotte the now utterly discredited award.\nOf course, the trophy was but dead dross to her.\nThe real honor she had received was that the "truth" she had revealed in her report — and the ones that followed in its wake, of course — now shone in the sun.\n"Monsieur Verite":\n\nA gift to Charlotte from her father that she carries with her to this day.\nThough he still didn't wish for her to take on such complicated work, her father respected her decision to formally accept the job of being a special correspondent for The Steambird.\nHe commissioned a friend skilled with machinery and modifying Kameras, and made extensive modifications to that small Kamera.\nFor example: Making it easier to switch out the film canisters such that Charlotte could swap film with only one hand, or making the photographic compartment water, fire, impact, and explosion-proof, to the point that the Kamera's exterior casing could be utterly destroyed, yet the compartment containing the film would remain intact and unharmed...\nHer father insisted on numerous modifications to which his friend initially opined, "This isn't necessary, is it...?" with a bitter smile. Nevertheless, in the end they agreed to make the modifications, including a high-powered loudspeaker that, when activated, unleashed an ear-splitting alarm, as well as a hidden self-defense system on the Kamera's side that ejected a concealed knife outward at high speed when the right button was pressed...\nThey also included "a shutter delay device," a "lens self-coupling setup," and more...\nAll the concerns and worries of her father were installed into the device along with all manner of contraptions, transforming it into an ever-reliable, unequaled super Kamera that reflected its owner perfectly.\nAnd when the modifications were finished, Charlotte gave it a new name — "Verite."\nMeaning, of course, "truth."\nVision:\n\nCharlotte does not, in fact, really know just when she obtained her Vision.\nPreviously, she had been penning a new piece about problems in how salvage divers were treated, and had gone to interview Dollander, who employed a great number of said divers. The chubby-faced man did not seem keen on speaking the truth, and indeed was only interested in answering any questions insofar as he might redirect them. The divers he employed, too, proved quite tight-lipped.\nDespite the serious damage that had been done to their lungs and eardrums, the long work hours exhausting them utterly, the decrepit divesuits they used, and the inedible food, they held their silence in front of Dollander. Their smug boss smiled triumphantly at her lack of progress.\nBy the next day, Charlotte had procured a divesuit through personal connections and was ready to get close to the divers in secret as they worked, and use her Kamera to capture Dollander's ill-treatment of them firsthand. They were in a titanic undersea rift, a place where it was completely forbidden to work according to Fontainian diving regulations.\nAfter that, Charlotte did not appear at work for a good long while. All the other Steambird reporters saw was a stream of Maison Gardiennage officers coming in and out of the office, with Euphrasie uncharacteristically ruffled, working late into the night every day.\nSome reporters said that they saw someone dressed in outmoded clothes, drenched and shivering as they squatted at the office entrance.\nSome said that an undersea earthquake had occurred in the Thalatta Submarine Canyon, where divers employed by some fellow named Dollander had been working, and that they had avoided injury by the skin of their teeth.\nSome other reporters even said that this Dollander had secretly put out a bounty for a Kamera that was said to contain pictures important to him.\nStill, Charlotte did not emerge.\nBut reporters are most certainly not a passive lot. The Steambird's reporters began to act quietly and surreptitiously. Some utilized their personal connections to look into Dollander's business, while others followed the divers, and others still wrote pieces implicating Dollander...\nWith The Steambird working at full steam, it was fearsomely quick indeed, and before long an extensive report on Dollander's illicit employment practices was complete.\nHowever, without any photographic evidence to corroborate the article, the reporters felt it was...\nJust then, the doors to the main entrance were suddenly flung wide open, and in strode Charlotte, clad in rags and sans spectacles and shoes. Placing Monsieur Verite on the table, she grinned.\n"I have the pictures right here!"\nNo questions were asked about what she'd been through. Instead, all worked as one, focusing on slotting each image into the report.\nThe next day, The Steambird headline was this — "Dollander: Undersea Scrooge," detailing his illegal employment practices, salary deductions, the harm done to the health of his employees, and other vile conduct. As for the article's author, it was listed as "The Steambird Reporters."\nThe night before that edition was to be published, Charlotte was, as always, in the printing room doing some final proofreading work.\nWhen she finished reading the final word and put the manuscript down, she suddenly noticed that an icy-blue Vision had appeared beside her hand.\nScrutinizing it, all she could manage was to mumble a few words:\n"I think we'll have to leave out this little detail..."\n~~charlotte ends here~~\nChasca:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nAll humans hunger for power, and none can avoid conflict.\nSome fight to protect their tribe and resist the Abyss, while others do so to prove themselves superior, greater, or more worthy of Mora, wine, power, and glory than their comrades.\nBut even those who love battle the most know to fear one name — Chasca.\nSo long as she is on the battlefield, even the fiercest fight will cease into silence in short order.\nThis is not entirely due to her eloquence or skill as a mediator, nor is it wholly a consequence of her ability to come up with satisfactory solutions based on her deep grasp of human nature. Instead, it's more that...\nThis "Peacemaker" is just ludicrously strong, and she fights in a manner that makes a mockery of common sense. To engage her head-on is comparable to an unarmed newborn babe challenging the fiercest Qucusaurus.\nThose infatuated with conflict often also fear strength, and thus they commonly find sitting down to talk the best choice when confronted by power far beyond their own.\nStill, they wonder, how is Chasca always able to appear at the center of conflict at just the right moment?\nWith such uncanny accuracy, such fortuity, it is as if she is drawn in by conflict itself, or rather... like a "beast" who catches the scent of her "prey."\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nChasca has lived alongside Qucusaurs for as long as she can remember.\nInitially, she believed herself to be a Saurian, though she lacked the hooked beak and sharp talons her mother and elder sister possessed, and she could not fly, nor could she leap into the crowns of trees in a single bound.\nHer mother loved her just as she did her own flesh and blood, and when returning from a hunt, would always ensure her daughters ate their fill first, before contenting herself with the remainder.\nHowever, Chasca was not content to remain a fledgling waiting to be fed.\nOnce she was finally grown enough to race across slopes and bound over rivers, she would often leave the nest to watch her mother and sister hunt.\nShe would remember how they fought, and adapt those techniques for her own use. She had no wings she could spread to fly, so she would leap amongst the treetops. She was not born with beak and claw, so she would arm herself with stones in their place.\nAll too eager to attempt a hunt of her own, she wandered the woods until at last, her first mighty foe came forth — a foraging Forest Boar.\nImitating the Qucusaurs' movements, she leaped at the boar, only to be sent spinning to the ground by its fierce charge.\nRolling to her feet, she snatched up a nearby rock and hurled it, only for the boar to dodge.\nUltimately, she was forced to return empty-handed, her whole body ragged, covered head to toe in injuries and abrasions.\nHer mother brought herbs to treat her, and her sister vigorously opposed any future forays.\nChasca agreed to stay and heal in the nest, but dove into the mountains the instant her wounds closed.\nShe shuttled between forest and stream, collecting all manner of odds and ends to use: Sharp-edged stones, sturdy sticks, sticky sap, the skins of dead animals...\nHer family did not quite understand the purpose of all this "junk," but thought Chasca having a new hobby was a good thing nonetheless.\nThey never imagined she would use them to fashion a new weapon — a slingshot made from sticks and skin, all the better for shooting stones both faster and further.\n...\nThe Forest Boar had a little squirrel cornered, yet what it had not realized was that it too had entered another's hunting grounds.\nWithout warning, it found something stuck to its hooves, and it struggled in vain to get free. Then, several sharp objects, whistling through the air, struck its skull one after another. With a cry, the boar fell into a dead faint on the spot.\nOnly then did Chasca emerge from the bush and excitedly drag her trophy back to the nest.\nHer mother and sister thought then that Chasca would surely become a skilled huntress — yet the way events were to unfold would far exceed their expectations once again.\nChasca contemplated and discovered ever more combat techniques, as if there was always some voice in the dark guiding her on, showing her more ways to fight.\nBut the longer she followed this voice, the less willing she became to skulk in the shadows. She became obsessed with seizing the initiative, with matching herself against bird and beast alike.\nBrown Deer, Flying Squirrels, Halberd-Crest Birds, each in their turn she would eagerly challenge. Rather than being a huntress skilled in the singular, fatal ambush, she was more akin to an unyielding warrior, one who sought battle and would find rest only in death.\nBut the more addicted she became to the thrill of the fight, the less prey she would obtain — for animals tend to be the vigilant sort, and having recognized in her a formidable foe, they naturally choose to flee at the first chance.\nYoung Chasca thus faced a quandary: the intoxication of battle, or a full stomach...\nAnd what an impossible choice that seemed to her then!\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nUnlike other human children, Chasca's first word was neither "mama" nor "papa."\nWhen her adoptive human father Cusco first laid eyes on her, he took one look at her, her eyes feral and fierce as her teeth tore into raw meat, then stared back at Elder Allpa, who was planning to give her to him, and his jaw dropped so far you could have stuffed a whole Saurian egg into his mouth.\n"Um, Elder... I know I agreed to take an orphan in... but, you didn't say it was an orphaned Qucusaurus!"\nGiven the frequency with which Natlan faces Abyssal invasions, it was not uncommon for war orphans to be adopted, but one like Chasca, abandoned by humans and adopted by Saurians... That was the stuff of legends, and legends alone.\nAs events would prove, Cusco had in fact underestimated the destructive might of this "Qucusaurus." Qucusaurs were already well-known for doing things their own ways, but Chasca's temper would prove harder to restrain than even the proudest among that race of Saurians.\n"That vulture! She's stolen meat from the warehouse — again!"\n"My house isn't your damn nesting ground, you little vulture!"\n"Damn.. the little vulture's started another fight!"\nWorse still, Qucusaurs usually had some specific intention behind their actions. To obtain food perhaps, or to defend their territory... but little Chasca seemed set on kicking up trouble for its own sake. She had food far more delicious than raw meat set before her at the table, and her bed was far softer than a roost of straw, but still she would constantly stir up conflict, day and night.\nThis really had Cusco's brows all knitted up. He had realized that this might not be some simple wildness of temper, or an inability to adapt to her new circumstances... But what was the root of it?\nHumans would die for money, and monsters for food, but this? This pursuit of conflict without gain, without negotiation, without anything but a desire for destruction? Only one other example sprung to mind — the Abyss.\n...Perhaps it was time to have a good "talk" with his daughter.\nAnd so, when Chasca next got herself in hot water, only barely restrained by two elite members of the flying squad, Cusco hurried over to apologize once more for not watching over her carefully enough, then rubbed his forehead in exasperation and asked:\n"...Now, what do you want? If you never speak up, no one will ever understand."\n"The hell are you even asking her for, Cusco? This vulture can't even say a single damn word! Seriously, what were you and the Elder thinking..."\nLittle Chasca glared venomously at the flying squad members holding her down, a growl forming in her throat, before it warped into a single hoarse "word":\n"V... Vultures!"\n...Well, that was a start, Cusco thought with a wry smile. As far as communication went, a counter-insult still counted.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nThe lamp shone upon Chasca's sleeping face, the light of the flames trembling across the faces of Cusco and the shaman standing to one side.\n"The Abyss has a foothold in her soul, and its claws have engraved conflict into her. This wound can only grow worse with the passing years... This is an ominous sign, and something that we have never before seen."\nThe shaman sighed, thinking for a moment, before speaking again, words weighty and considered.\n"...Perhaps it might be best for all if we took this chance to return her to the forest now."\nCusco could hear the implied meaning. Dealing with Chasca was hard enough now, and she was still little now. Who knew what she might be like in the future?\nThe Abyss was ever Natlan's nemesis, and to keep her in the tribe was to house a potential calamity.\nBut unless they were to find some way to restrain the Abyss within... a "return to the mountains" was but a euphemism for "abandoning her to her fate."\nChasca's desire for battle was inborn, just as all humans are born with a desire for food. Others fought for a reason, and once their objectives were achieved, there was no further need to push themselves further.\nBut Chasca's yearning was as a bottomless hunger. Even the sweet taste of constant victory could only sate her for so long.\nIf that craving could not be contained... then perhaps her fate would be to destroy all around her until nothing remained, or be slain in some fierce battle.\n"You must make your decision... 'now.'"\nThe shaman's words leapt about in the darkness like the candle's flame.\nCusco looked at little Chasca. Her breathing even, her snoring light, she seemed so much more at peace asleep — indeed, no different from any ordinary human girl.\nCusco softly ruffled her hair, mumbling: "No. It's too late now... It's too late."\n...\nChuychu, having woken up in the dead of night, was hiding behind the door, where the light could not reach.\nYoung as she was, she did not comprehend all that was said between the two — yet the leaden air and her father's sorrow would remain in her heart all the same.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nAfter that, Chuychu's parents would often take long trips from home. One day, it'd be to go see an elder living in seclusion; the next, to gather a legendary herb.\nEach time, one of them would have the other stay behind to keep an eye on things, but when emergencies cropped up, they would both rush off in a hurry, leaving young Chuychu behind with an "elder sister" who was mentally younger than her.\nFortunately, Chasca appeared to have become much better behaved since learning the word "vulture." At least now, when she had some minor disagreement with someone, she could open up with some insults rather than going straight to delivering a beating.\nPerhaps, Chuychu could not help but wonder, Chasca had even realized that no one would apologize for her and clean up her messes while their parents were gone.\n...Probably not. With her personality, there was no way she knew how much their parents worried for her... or how well they treated her.\nChuychu had once imagined what life would be like if she had an elder sister — a playmate, a sharer of woes, someone to care for her when she fell ill...\nBut since Chasca had arrived, her father had become so busy, and her mother's free time had evaporated. Even those her age who she used to play with now avoided her, intentionally or not.\nThis was all Chasca's fault—\nChuychu shook her head frantically as that thought flashed through it.\nNo. She couldn't think like that. The elders said that the tribe must be united, and her parents had also said that Chasca actually really deserved their sympathy...\n...But if she weren't around...\n"Hey! You home, Cusco? Chasca got into another fight!"\nThe sudden commotion cut that train of thought short.\nShe rushed to the scene in place of her father, only to find Chasca, her face the very picture of fury, alongside a group of wailing children, among whom were many of her former friends.\n"These... vul..." Chasca lifted her hand to point at the pile of crying children.\n"Another fight? Really!?" The thoughts that Chuychu had just dispelled came blazing back. "You're always like this. That's why... That's why they don't play with me anymore! That's why Mom and Dad don't spend time with me anymore!"\n"Vul... tures..." Chasca unconsciously lowered her pointing hand, and though her mouth still repeated those words in grunts, her voice grew quieter and quieter.\n"You're the worst vulture here!"\nAt last, the words Chuychu had hidden in her heart tore forth.\nChasca's eyes widened, her lips quivering as if to say something. Then, she finally cast her eyes to the ground, turned, and ran off in the direction of the wilderness outside the tribe.\n...She'll be alright, Chuychu thought. This isn't the first time she's run off. They just needed to go look for her later.\nBut for some reason, deep down, she felt a sense of unease.\n"What happened back there with Chasca? She seemed much better lately... What did you all say to set her off?" An adult who had arrived on the scene muttered.\nThe children who had been beaten looked at one another, hesitant to speak. A moment later, someone raised their hand, and said with a trembling voice:\n"We... It was just an argument at first! But then, someone said..."\n"Someone said that Uncle Cusco and his whole family... were also idiots for... keeping this vulture in our tribe... We were just joking, I swear! A—And we heard that from the adults!"\n"And they also said not to play with Chuychu... just in case her sister's sickness is contagious..."\nShocked, Chuychu whirled around, facing the direction Chasca had disappeared in.\nBut there was nothing between the mountains save the mournful wind, giving howling voice to some cry for which there could be no words.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\n'Why? This is not my nest.'\n'That "Elder" person forced me to live in the new nest.'\n'Those humans made me eat things. Wear things. Spend a few not-so-cold nights among them.'\n'I could go back any time. That's right. I'll go back to my nest.'\n'Mom might chase me out again, but Sister will speak for me.'\n'The "sickness" hurts. But it can hurt all it wants. I don't need humans to "cure" me.'\nSuch were the chaotic thoughts that swirled through her mind.\nWell-practiced leaps carried her aloft from tree to tree as she drunk in the fresh, familiar mountain air and scent of the leaves. Still, she could not forget the flickering fires of the tribe's candles.\n'I don't need fires to keep warm. I don't need fire to light up the night. Mom and Sister never did either.'\n'Humans are weak. They fear the cold night, so they light fires. Proud, strong Saurians don't need that.'\n...And yet, the fire was so warm.\nThese cowardly thoughts stole into her mind, and suddenly, they echoed and rang, stopping her cold with a splitting headache. She plummeted out of the trees.\n—"It" was here again.\nGritting her teeth, Chasca pulled herself up against the tree, her trembling fingers scratching bloody trails across the branches.\n'Fight. Bite. Destroy. That way, you can forget all your unhappiness.'\n'Forget the cowardliness this brief stay has forced upon you. Forget those chains that the human world has bound you with, all their rules. All things were born wild! Born beasts!'\nShe had heard that voice for as long as she could remember. At first, it had merely guided her to hunt, to bite into her prey. But then, it came more frequently, its noise leaving her dizzy and faint, release only coming after she gave in and made a mess.\n'Mom sent me to the humans... hoping that they could cure me, didn't she?'\n'But it's no use. The human world is noisier than the nest. Humans disagree and fight all day. They are always in conflict. And "its" voice gets clearer when they fight. More tempting.'\n'—Sister, I don't want to disappoint Mom, but...'\nChasca had tried to confide in her elder sister on several occasions, but alas, her human tongue could not make the vocalizations of a Qucusaurus.\n'—And you, I know you all don't want me to fight, but...'\nChasca had also tried to communicate with Cusco and his wife, but a Qucusaur child could not form human words.\n'—They deserved that beating! They scolded me! They scolded you, too!'\nChasca had tried to explain herself to Chuychu, but only that tattered word, "vulture," came stumbling out of her mouth.\n'Never mind them! I can hear you, and you can hear me. That is all you need!'\n'No need to explain. No need to understand! Just break everything that hurts you! Tear apart all that stands in your way!'\nEven now, that voice screamed in her head, rounding on her.\n'—Enough! You're the one I hate the most! You're the biggest, the worst, the most loathsome vulture of them all!'\nChasca all but roared as she pounded, pounded, pounded her fists against the tree, as if she might rip that voice out and bash it into a pulp!\nSplinters of bark and leaf sprayed out every which way, swirling in the air, but "it" laughed all the more wildly.\n...\nMoon-silver pierced through the trees, its mottled gleam lighting Chasca's pallid face.\nShe collapsed, her fists a mess of split skin and muddied flesh, exposing the white bone beneath in some spots.\nEverything hurt. She could not move. Her eyelids were so, so heavy. Even the voice in her head was all but spent.\n'Of course it would be. "It" is dying, because "it" is me.'\n'This isn't far from the human tribe, and there's so much tree cover. Mom and Sister won't be able to find me, will they?'\nCusco and his wife were out. There was no way they'd return in time to find someone who'd run away from home.\nNo one would know that Chasca was about to die here.\n...And that was fine. One less vulture in the world, Chasca forced herself to think — not to mention the even bigger vulture within.\n...The moonlight was a little too cold after all, though.\n...\nDimly, she felt some warmth on her face, like the light cover of Mom's wings, like the light of human candles. Chasca opened her eyes slowly.\nBefore her was a humble bonfire, and a young girl squatting and tending it carefully — Chuychu.\n"...Ah!" Realizing that Chasca was awake, Chuychu hastily hid her hands behind her back. In the firelight, Chasca could see that her hands had been slightly burned.\n"...Are your hands okay?" Chuychu deflected.\nOnly then did Chasca notice the bandages wrapped snugly around her hands. It was clumsy work, but enough to stop the bleeding.\n"...I couldn't move you, so I had to make do here... But I've lit a fire, so the adults should find us soon enough."\nChasca did not answer, but the question her eyes asked was clear.\n"...Well, Mom and Dad would be sad if something happened to you."\n"..."\n"Also... Thanks for standing up for me. I'm sorry for yelling at you before asking what happened."\n"..."\n"Anyway... Let's go home, okay?"\n"...Home..." Chasca broke her silence, mumbling the new word she had just learned. Then she nodded. "...Let's 'go home.'"\n"Peacemakers":\n\nThe first time the Flying Captain, Elder Allpa, came forward to teach Chasca, it was because her front door had been virtually blocked up by the deluge of complaints about Chasca and the beatings she'd handed out. But no matter how long Allpa spent laboring over explanations of the human world and its laws, little Chasca could never understand what was wrong with fighting.\nSaurians and beasts all decided things through strength. She'd won the fight, so why was she the one being questioned?\nAllpa would talk and gesticulate, while Chasca would study her, wondering if she might be spared the lengthy lectures if she could simply defeat the Elder.\nBut the second time she came to give Chasca guidance, she immediately realized that there was something different about the girl's gaze.\n"...Teach me. Become strong." With those choppy words, Chasca asked to learn human ways. "Abyss... want to defeat."\n"...Alright. In that case, let me teach you to use humanity's greatest weapon."\nSo saying, Allpa grabbed a woven scroll, an exquisite line of small words embroidered at its head: "Peacemaker — the Art of Communication."\n"Our greatest weapon is our language."\nBut what did flapping one's lips have to do with strength? Chasca did not quite understand.\nShe would rather learn how to use various weapons, from bows to guns, or perhaps how to use Phlogiston, or how to shoot while in the air.\nIf one was strong enough, talk could be dispensed with... That was how she had thought in the past, at least.\nBut still, she had not been able to tear that voice from her heart and beat it until it stopped talking ever again.\nSo she endured, learning every last word that Allpa taught her, chewing on that woven scroll that she never thought she would read, bit by bit, line by line.\nAs it turned out, when she learned to communicate, coordinate, and rely on others, the efficiency of her hunts seemed to increase — just as the scroll had said.\nWhen she wrote Chuychu a letter on her birthday and wished her well, she and their parents seemed pleasantly surprised — just as the scroll had said.\nAnd when she took part in the Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame, bearing the expectations of all on her shoulders, it seemed as if the people of the Flower-Feather Clan looked upon her with a little more respect — just as the scroll had said.\n...\n"Here you go. The highest possible caliber, and the greatest possible mobility... If this request had come from anyone else, from someone whose abilities I wasn't so sure of, I'd have used the materials they gave me to beat some sense into them."\n"Thanks, Xilonen. This should make me a more persuasive mediator." Upon receiving the almost comically huge "Soulsniper: Ritual Staff," Chasca tested its weight using the reins in her hand.\n"I'll say... Who'd disagree with you after being hit with this thing, anyway? This has to be the strongest weapon I've ever made for your tribe."\n"...No, 'a bullet has the most power when it has yet to leave the chamber.'"\nAs she caressed the cylinder of the gun, this analogy that Chasca had encountered in a certain woven scroll came back to her, unbidden.\n"The strongest weapon, huh... Then, from this day forth, we shall be the 'Peacemakers.'"\nVision:\n\nBy that point, she had long since grown from the feral girl who stirred up conflicts into a Peacemaker who ended them in droves.\nThere was almost no dispute that could not be resolved by her intervention, whether it be between humans, tribes, humans and Saurians, or even between Saurians.\nBut if there was some force beyond rational understanding, with whom even the greatest communicator could achieve no consensus, it would be the Abyss.\nSince she had learned to live with "that" which lived within her, "its" voice had grown ever weaker, and indeed, Chasca even thought "it" gone for a time.\nBut in that Night Warden War, "it" was invigorated by the Abyss, and like a butterfly bursting from a chrysalis, it manifested as an illusion — one identical to her.\n"We meet at last. Long have we fought, with neither of us able to overcome the other... But come, let us end this. Approach me, embrace me... and the greatest strength shall be yours."\nAs the battle wore on, the more monsters Chasca slew, the greater the hold the Abyssal power had over her, and once more, she felt her battle lust growing ever greater.\nEager were her steps as she sought another target to slay, spent casings and corpses alike piled up at her feet.\nOn that horrific battlefield, the illusion with its outstretched hand seemed almost like an envoy bringing peace.\nBut instinct brought Chasca's gun up and level with it. This was her best chance. It was time to reduce this hateful voice to a bloody mess, once and for all.\n"So you'll kill me, then? But who will understand you, who will keep you company... if not me?"\nMore phantasms emerged and rushed her, bringing the feelings she'd kept buried back into the open:\nOnce, she had been dropped like a hot potato, alienated by all.\nShe was no Saurian, but she was not "human" in any normal sense, either. She had a "home," yet she walked a solitary path.\nNone could understand the anxiety that seared her heart, nor put out that roaring fire.\nThat illusion was like a vision of water after a parched travail through the desert.\nCould she really put an end to this endless conflict, right here and now?\nAs she walked forward, step by step, the power of the Abyss enshrouded her, and she shivered and grew faint. Yet this feeling was also familiar, like that of an infant returning to their mother's embrace.\nShe had once been abandoned. Was this where she had always belonged?\n...\nBut just as she was about to touch that apparition, voices filled with warmth called out from behind her.\n"Hey, Sis. Leave a note next time you leave home, alright?"\n"You're free to choose your own path in life, but remember, you'll always have a home here with us."\n("Why have you even come back here? You've chosen to live with humans, haven't you?")\n("Coya's just prone to harsh words. We all miss you, really...")\nShaking her head, Chasca stopped moving.\nOnce, she had blindly followed the voice in her heart, hungering for battle and for greater strength.\nEven now, it was true that she still walked alone out of habit, but she now knew the meaning of the bonds she'd forged as a "human."\nRaising her gun once more, she took aim, and let fly with all the bullets she had in it.\nThe phantom shattered like a mirror when struck, red ichor seeping between the shards.\n"Hah, you hypocrite... You say you wish to stop fights, and yet you raise your gun to me. How pathetic."\nThe apparition vanished like smoke, leaving only a hollow voice that rang in her ears.\n"No. I know 'you' too well. That's why I'm sure that this is the only way to make peace between us."\nChasca ejected the spent shell casings, and prepared to reload, only for a "bullet" to drop to the ground, tinkling as it did.\nLowering her head, she saw that it was a Vision, shining with its own light.\nPicking it up, she flicked it into the air with her thumb before catching it.\n"Bring it on, then. No matter how many disputes await, I'll pacify them all... 'You' included."\n~~chasca ends here~~\nChevreuse:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nIn the Court of Fontaine, where the corpus juris is exceedingly well-developed — some might even say convoluted — there are many odd ordinances that can confound and confuse foreign tourists.\nFor example, fruit tarts may not be placed directly on unheated platters, unfinished Fonta may not be intentionally placed in the middle of roads, and one must not forget to trim the claws of pet felines...\nViolations are thus difficult to avoid. But Fontainians are quite familiar with such matters, quickly ascertaining the gravity of an offense and deciding on a course of action based on the identity of the one sent to deal with the matter.\nIf it is only a member of the establishment's staff, then perhaps a simple debate will be sufficient to resolve the issue; who doesn't enjoy a lively atmosphere? If it is a uniformed Gestionnaire, then all onlookers will have to suffer through an insufferably long-winded admonishment, and it's best to vacate the premises. If it is an officer of the Maison Gardiennage, then the parties involved won't get off scot-free, and may even have to pay fines. In this case, it's best to immediately clarify that you are an innocent bystander, and are in no way involved with the case.\nHowever, if the one to come calling is the Captain of the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol with her tall cap and musket slung across her back, along with a squad of Special Patrol officers...\nWell, that means a particularly vicious case is unfolding, or perhaps a hoodlum is to be violently apprehended, or some fiendish felon has kidnapped a hostage... In any case, the only thing to do in such a situation is to quickly evacuate in accordance with the instructions given by the Special Patrol and give these "Felon Management Specialists" room to work their magic. At the same time, keep a tight leash on your curiosity and do not attempt to conceal yourself in a nearby hidey-hole. seeking to observe their law-enforcement activities from a close distance. Even if you wish to interview them, then wait until their work is done.\nMost importantly, there's no need to feel unsafe, and even less cause for fear.\nFor as all Fontainians know, any hope criminals have to escape the long arm of the law flees whenever Captain Chevreuse is on the scene.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\n"If you don't behave, the Special Patrol's going to take you away!"\nSuch is the start of many a scolding given by Fontainian parents to a troublemaking child.\nChildren who have grown up with such threats from their parents, understand very clearly that the Special Patrol will never take action because a child didn't brush their teeth, slept in, broke a window, or swiped a slice of cake. Still, though they have long since matured into adults, they cannot help but stand up a bit straighter when they see Captain Chevreuse, averting their gaze and instinctually wringing their hands, mortally afraid that they might have committed some offense worthy of arrest without having even been aware of the nature of their crime. Yet despite being crystal clear that these fine officers are fighting crime, and regardless of their reverence for such upstanding upholders of the law, it is truly difficult to suppress the urge to tense up...\nAs for this "fearsome, infamous reputation," the Special Patrol themselves are quite exasperated. A member once suggested to Chevreuse that allowing such an "infamous reputation" to circulate is damaging to the Special Patrol's image: "The Special Patrol is an official law enforcement office under the Maison Gardiennage, after all, and if our methods of enforcing the law are more forceful, and the process thereof more intense, it's only because the criminals we deal with are the most vile and violent of them all. So to use the Special Patrol's good name to frighten children really is a bit..."\n"Why not let Chevreuse give The Steambird an interview? Let our Captain stress that the Special Patrol is a law enforcement organization only focused on dealing with the worst offenders, and everything it does is to safeguard Fontaine's safety and stability, in pursuit of which it would never accost citizens without good cause..."\nYet Chevreuse vetoed this suggestion.\n"If such a reputation has really become so deeply embedded in the minds of the people, and it sticks with them for a lifetime, then there's a chance that when someone considers taking things a step too far, fear inspired by our 'infamous reputation' may pull them back from the edge."\n"...If so, then there'll be no need for us to actually take them away someday."\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nAs one of the departments central to upholding the binding nature of Fontaine's laws and decrees, the "Court of Fontaine Grand Maison Gardiennage" is a solemn and dignified institution, and all law enforcement personnel must undergo rigorous examinations and instruction. Their every word and action reflects on the Maison Gardiennage, and represents the laws of the Court of Fontaine, so there is zero room for errors or negligence.\nHowever, the way the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol of the Court of Fontaine does things is markedly different from other law enforcement agencies. Members are not required to use standardized weapons, nor must they wear uniforms outside of formal occasions... Additionally, after Chevreuse took command of the Special Patrol, many of its members began using muskets as part of their law enforcement arsenals, and some even began to refuse to go on missions with Gardemeks on the basis that not only can an immobile meka block their line of fire, but there's a distinct danger of criminals taking control of said meka and turning them against the squad. Furthermore, when selecting recruits, the Special Patrol will even accept the descendants of criminals whose households had been stripped of all honor...\nFor the sake of quickly solving the most heinous of cases, the Maison Gardiennage is willing to overlook all those issues, displaying great forbearance towards Chevreuse and the Special Patrol. But what they simply cannot abide is how Chevreuse is willing to invite serious felons to participate in cases she is handling as "special consultants."\nThough Chevreuse stridently maintains that this is purely to catch vicious criminals as soon as possible, many colleagues still believe that relying on lawbreakers to help arrest lawbreakers is an insult to both the laws of Fontaine and those who enforce them. Should such humiliations continue, what dignity would remain for the Maison Gardiennage and the law itself?\nFaced with such pointed questions, Chevreuse always gives the same simple response:\n"The greatest insult to the law is a criminal roaming free and unpunished."\n"And as for the 'dignity' of the Maison Gardiennage, it isn't even worthy of comparison with the safety of the Court of Fontaine."\nThis, too, is one of her father's teachings.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\n"Monsieur Donatello is an upstanding officer of the law."\nWhen Chevreuse discusses her father with others, she always offers this simple, curt evaluation. This is also one of the only two impressions she has of her father from her childhood.\nDonatello was always busy, leaving hurriedly in the mornings and returning exhausted at night before giving Chevreuse and her mother a hug, gently apologizing for making them wait so long. Sometimes he would return exceptionally late, bringing his daughter sweet treats. Alas, having long since already brushed her teeth, it was also too late for her to have any more sugar.\nSuch gifts were a rare treat, and yet their luster would fade by morning, and so Chevreuse's mother would allow little Chevreuse to lick a bit of cream off before sending said dessert to her father's bedroom along with a cup of coffee.\nAt this time, her father would always be facing a wall covered in pictures and thumbtacks, at times staring blankly at it, at others pacing in circles, smoking, tousling his hair, and sometimes raising his fists in sudden triumph, before slowly lowering them and helplessly pounding the table— Chevreuse bore silent witness to all this, peeping in from behind the door.\nSometimes, when she ran into her father on the street, she would excitedly wave, but at most he would return a slight smile before throwing himself back into his myriad tasks.\n"He's an upright, good man."\nHer mother, neighbors, his colleagues, and even the kids next door all praised her father thusly.\nBut one day, those colleagues who were always praising her father as an upstanding man suddenly came knocking at her door.\nHer mother was at a complete loss as she watched them come and go from her home. Though Chevreuse stayed in her room, from the commotion outside her door, she had already vaguely guessed that her father had become a "sinner" like those he had once pursued, and was at that moment awaiting sentencing, and might even be banished to the Fortress of Meropide.\n"Did Papa... do something wrong?"\nThis was the question she asked the strange adults beside her. After much choking back of tears, the reply finally came:\n"...Nonetheless, he is an upstanding officer of the law."\nAn upstanding sinner.\nThis became Chevreuse's second impression of her father from her childhood.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nEven the most acclaimed authors of Fontaine would struggle to explain to a child why a suspect to whom all the evidence clearly pointed could not be convicted. Why everyone maintained their silence as an innocent officer of the law was falsely accused. Why many who witnessed the crime refused to speak the truth. And why the victim of the miscarriage of justice must pay with their own reputation and future for justice to finally make an appearance.\nEven harder to explain is why the path to justice must be paved with crime.\nBut for Chevreuse, what was most concrete were the changes in her life wrought by her entire family moving to the Fleuve Cendre.\nA narrow room, the food less tasty, friends who now never contacted her, and a mother growing more fatigued by the day... Her father's colleagues often came by in plainclothes, bringing all kinds of gifts with them. In addition to their presents, they brought news as well. They told her mother of the appeal they were all working so hard on — not just the Gardes and the members of the Special Patrol, but even several Gestionnaires who oft worked with them — and how despite the fact Donatello had broken the law was indisputable and established fact, and legally speaking his sentence could not be commuted or shortened, they at least could ensure he didn't need to endure further castigation. It was all of scant comfort to her mother, whose worries did not subside.\nTo take care of her mother, Chevreuse didn't hesitate to take up burdens that one as young as she should never have had to shoulder, stepping into the dark currents that swirled through the Fleuve Cendre.\nPerhaps it was because the residents of the Fleuve Cendre had heard tell of or been on the receiving end of her upright father's care that so many helping hands were extended to her. A well-meaning shop owner gave her a job, and the couple next door often took care of her infirm mother.\nAnd when the children of the Fleuve Cendre heard that the child of a Garde had come to live among them, they flocked to her like plaintiffs and defendants, seeking her arbitration on all manner of quarrels and disputes.\n"Chevreuse! You gotta uphold justice, y'know!"\nSo cried the children with one voice, before laughing as one. They did not truly intend to allow Chevreuse to determine who was at fault, but rather saw it all as merely another game.\nYet the next day, Chevreuse brought a thick stack of legal materials when she went to see them, along with a notebook newly opened to the first page, and began speaking to the chortling children in a tone most serious.\n"Very well. Let both sides present their evidence."\nAnd from that day forward, the Fleuve Cendre had one more enforcer of the law — the littlest one around. But unlike the law enforcement officers aboveground, all judgments rendered by Chevreuse were executed under her personal supervision.\nThere in the sewers, she learned many ways to ensure that "justice" would be upheld.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\n"...Then, Ms. Chevreuse, in accordance with the findings of this court, your father did indeed violate the regulations of the Gardes, leaking secret intelligence regarding a serious case, and for this reason, he was exiled to the Fortress of Meropide."\n"From that moment onward, you followed your mother and moved to the Fleuve Cendre... As for your father's charges, and your experiences while living in the Fleuve Cendre, please provide a supplementary statement for this court."\n"Regarding my experiences living in the Fleuve Cendre, my statement is as follows..."\nHer father, Donatello, exiled for violating the law. Her poverty-stricken family forced to move to the Fleuve Cendre. A child of a sinner, unable to work for the Maison Gardiennage, and thus seeking to fight crime as a member of the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol...\nAs the Captain of the Special Patrol was hearing her case, Chevreuse found herself explaining herself and reading her statement over and over. Having finished serving his sentence, her father Donatello was now serving in the Special Patrol. He had pored over her statement, and it had nary a single mistake or blemish.\nThough it had been a long time since he was ousted from his former post, Donatello still understood the Maison Gardiennage's thinking. If Chevreuse was to take up the post of Captain of the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol without issue, she would need to provide the good folks at the Maison Gardiennage with a sufficiently "decent" statement, such that they might clearly and firmly — yet with a bit of wiggle room — announce her appointment.\nChevreuse was no longer a child. She knew full well that her father had leaked classified intelligence regarding a major case to utilize the resulting interest from the press to assist in investigating that criminal. After her family moved to the Fleuve Cendre, the Gardes who visited — ranking officers among them — had surreptitiously provided aid, so their situation could not be considered too dire. Furthermore, the officers and members of the Special Patrol had made preparations ahead of time for Chevreuse to learn from them in the field, learning all about the relevant work in advance...\nBut saying all of that would be of no help to Chevreuse in taking over as Captain.\nThough Donatello was still uneasy about his daughter following in his footsteps, she had completed all the training he had prepared for her. Chevreuse had given it her all, passing even those trials designed expressly to frustrate and vex her.\nAs Chevreuse plunged forward in the bone-chillingly freezing winter seas, it seemed to take every last ounce of Donatello's willpower to stand still and watch instead of running forth to cradle her in his embrace. As Chevreuse swam back to his side, trembling and shivering, Donatello knew that his daughter was stronger than he was, and even more suited to uphold "justice."\nBut today, let all of that be washed away into eternal silence amid the waters of the Fleuve Cendre.\nFor this father and daughter who long ago had swum together in the icy winter seas, it was now time to take a step forward.\n"...My father violated Gardes regulations. The evidence of his guilt is conclusive, and the results of the hearing were correct."\nWith her final assertion of the facts of the case, Chevreuse folded up the draft of her speech.\nHereafter, justice would make its appearance, all in good time.\nThe Special Security and Surveillance Patrol Type-II Standard Musket:\n\nCompared to the initial configuration, the improved version of the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol's standard musket features a modified butt stock that better fits human shoulders, as well as a longer barrel. Some specialized Type-II muskets feature all-purpose rails attached below the barrel and to the stock. Scopes, grenade launchers, smokescreen launchers, sonic boom launchers, and all kinds of melee weapons are among the various accessories that can be attached to the mounts, allowing them to be adapted for virtually any kind of combat mission.\nHowever, while she was modifying muskets to improve the team's combat capabilities, Chevreuse also raised the evaluation standards for firearms proficiency, adding several requirements not related to firearms themselves, such as unarmed combat.\n"The raison d'etre for the Special Patrol is capturing criminals, not strutting around showing off your gun!"\n"What are you gonna do, refuse a mission if you can't bring your musket?"\nAnd thus, thanks to the Type-II Standard Musket, the amount of training required vastly increased once more.\nNaturally, Chevreuse herself completed 100% of every single training program.\nSeeing their captain standing strong like an ironwoman in the middle of the practice field, the members of the patrol spoke out spontaneously, yet with one heart and one voice:\n"Captain, please have mercy on us...!"\nVision:\n\nThe Captain of the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol, Chevreuse, rarely discusses how she obtained her Vision of her own accord. To others, she says the reason is because the authority and prestige of the Special Patrol comes from the law and justice. By focusing too much on "Visions," it would only create misunderstandings. To preserve the law's standing, it is better not to discuss such things.\nBut those close to Chevreuse know that this Vision is much more akin to a heavy burden for her.\nAfter Chevreuse joined the Special Patrol, she used her extraordinary talent and perseverance to complete all kinds of internal training programs, memorizing every rule, regulation, and standard for Special Patrol operations along with the related statutes. Without question, she was first in her class, and her pursuit of "justice" was widely admired by other members.\nBut the officer in charge of them, Vice Captain Grizzetti, disagreed, and he never selected Chevreuse for field missions. Other members could only guess why: Perhaps it was to protect her? After all, he was once close with her father Donatello, and had taken care of her. They were so close that Chevreuse was said to call him "Uncle Grizzetti." Or maybe he was planning to groom her to take on some particularly important job?\nChevreuse didn't think about such complicated matters. After the sixth time she was excluded from a mission, she could bear it no longer and finally asked the usually amiable Uncle Grizzetti why he never chose her for fieldwork.\n"You're not ready."\nCame the reply.\n"Fix your conception of justice first, Chevreuse. If your understanding of it is limited to an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth, then it would be best for you to leave this place. This is not some lynching site. This is where the voice of justice must ring true."\nAt the time, Chevreuse had not yet grasped this, nor did she even know just when she would be ready. Perhaps she would spend her entire life trying to understand. Or perhaps she would have to be ready the very next second.\nSoon, Grizzetti found himself shorthanded during an urgent mission hunting down a gang of notorious criminals. With no choice but to call on Chevreuse, he repeatedly warned her to stay close, follow orders, and not act without permission. And then it was time to move out, and the various members filed out into the howling tempest to close off every possible route the gang of criminals could take.\nChevreuse and Grizzetti concealed themselves behind some shrubbery, but the criminals did not appear. Just as the two of them began to think their intelligence was mistaken and were preparing to withdraw quietly, a shot rang out from a hidden position, and Grizzetti was struck. Chevreuse counterattacked nearly instantly, using the muzzle flash in the darkness to sight the criminal's position before hitting them with a single precise bullet. But Uncle Grizzetti had already sunk into eternal silence.\nNow, only Chevreuse and the killer remained. The howling wind and torrential downpour would conceal the sound of another gunshot, and the Special Patrol... They might not inquire too closely in the case of how this fiend who had murdered one of their colleagues had been shot dead.\nBut more importantly, the killer was right in front of her. If she wished to carry out justice, now was the time. She lifted her musket, aimed right between his eyes... and then lowered the gun.\nThe Special Security and Surveillance Patrol speaks only in the name of justice, and true "justice" can only be decided by the courts. Perhaps this was what it meant to be "ready" to become a member of the Special Patrol.\n"This is the Court of Fontaine Special Security and Surveillance Patrol. You are under arrest."\nNo sooner had she finished speaking than the killer began to hobble away, seeking to flee without the slightest hesitation. With the crack of a musket, the man was struck squarely in his right leg. He cried out in agony, cursing as he rolled on the ground, finally coming to a stop before the feet of the other Patrol members who had rushed over.\nThe "justice" of the law is meted out by the courts, but as for Chevreuse's own personal justice, that is carried out by her alone.\nAs Chevreuse finally completely lowered her musket, she had yet to notice a Vision was now hanging from the stock.\nIn the lashing wind and rain, its glow was not readily apparent, much like justice yet to be revealed — pale and dark.\n~~chevreuse ends here~~\nChiori:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nYou push open the doors to the boutique. Situated on one of Fontaine's busiest thoroughfares, it is named for its designer.\nThe crisp ringing of a bell chimes from above as if wishing luck to all customers who step through the door. If the rumors swirling about have even a grain of truth to them, then perhaps such blessings will come in handy.\n"Welcome to the Chioriya Boutique, how may I help you?" The greeting that reaches your ears, while perhaps lacking somewhat in enthusiasm, is filled with assurance.\nThe owner of the voice shoots you a glance from behind the counter. A striking foreigner with captivating eyes — just like they said.\n"A personalized, custom job? Or something off the shelf?" Her second question. The tone fills you with a certain feeling — as though the second someone steps through the door, even the highest-ranking aristocrat becomes merely a guest in her kingdom, while she sits high upon her throne, allowing supplicants to choose from among the blessings she offers.\n"I'd like tailor-made formal attire." You say. Her expression softens a little. It appears that in this kingdom, customizing the cut of the cloth to the customer and designing a personalized outfit in the Kingdom's name is something worth a smile.\nPerhaps this is the best possible outcome, you muse to yourself. After all, those who recommended the shop to you not only all praised the exquisite handiwork of this designer, but some nearly couldn't stop themselves from opening wide their wardrobes to show off the dazzling contents within, as though they wished nothing more than to shove you inside to bask in the clothes' glory for a day. They even say that the owner of the shop is rarely found within, and if she is on the premises, that means she is in a good mood.\nBut you quietly swallow all the same, for you know when fortune does not hold you in her fickle favor, then all manner of unimaginable and outrageous things may occur when the owner is in, such as...\nBefore you can even get a handle on your thoughts and feelings, the bell above the door screams a metallic protest. The boutique's door has been kicked wide open by a man swaying and rocking, foul breath reeking of alcohol and language yet more foul spilling out of his mouth.\n"I—I won! I won the bet, the Boss is in toda—" Though you could not clearly see just what happened, before he even finished speaking, he suddenly flew out the window, drawing an elegant arc through the air.\nChiori brushes her hands and closes the window, before saying to you, as if nothing had happened, "Apologies, the weather has been somewhat inclement of late. All kinds of trash have come blowing into my shop. It's been taken care of, so pay it no heed."\nIt appears this kingdom does not welcome all unconditionally.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\n"Ms. Chiori, what past experiences did you have that forged the success you now enjoy?" — A reporter once asked her this question.\nChiori had hesitated as she searched for an appropriate response in her memories, but simply could not find a good answer. After all, in her own estimation, there was nothing special at all about her past.\nChiori was born into a family of merchants. Though not well-off by any means, she had lacked for nothing in her childhood. Busy with their business, her parents had not been overly strict with her. This, her parents joked, is what had created her carefree and unbridled nature.\nAt the age when many young girls began to study the art of tea or of flowers, Chiori was climbing trees and catching fish with other children... It wasn't that her parents never tried to get her to learn. But making Chiori sit quietly in front of a tea table for an entire day? Why, that would be the death of her (and of her teacher).\n—Alright, then let's just have her study the art of the sword, said her father.\nBefore long, Chiori was carrying two swords with her to class. "Two is obviously better," she declared, boldly and confidently, dual blades in hand.\nHer teacher had never seen a student with — his words to her father were tactfully chosen — such personality. And thus a seething Chiori was sent back home.\nSimilar scenes played out many times, yet Chiori's parents were never too harsh with her, only believing "That's just how she is."\nUntil one day, Chiori's mother came home to discover her sitting quietly before the table, staring entranced at a bolt of high-quality fabric. The Chiori that was normally bouncing off the walls was nowhere to be found.\n"Do you like it?" Asked her mother. "It feels so smooth," came little Chiori's blunt answer, "And it's so pretty, how was it made?"\nAnd thus, in the days that followed, Chiori sent tailoring teacher after teacher storming off in frustration, just as before. But at the same time, she also learned many tailoring techniques.\nAlso, in all fairness, it should be mentioned that Chiori was already far more well-behaved with the tailors than she had been with all those other teachers.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nWhen the news of Inazuma's Sakoku policy reached Fontaine, the topics of tea-table discussions centered around the "Raiden Shogun" over there, that "Vision Hunt Decree," and those ceaseless thunderstorms on the islands, as though discussing some sort of fantastical anecdotes.\nAfter all, even the loudest thunderclap cannot be heard across the vastness of the sea to the dome of the sky above their heads.\nBut the people of Fontaine could never have imagined that a storm that would imminently engulf Fontaine had at that time already left the shores of Inazuma, and was quietly heading for them. And the name of that storm was "Chiori."\nThe storm took shape on the journey out of Inazuma. From the very beginning, it had decided to let loose its thunder upon the streets of Fontaine — the capital of fashion and the City of the Arts.\nAt first, it was only a few rumblings from the diverse firmament of the fashion world that nobody paid much heed to.\n"It's just a fad, that's all," "It'll be forgotten in a few days"... That's what they all said at first, as though they were discussing nothing more than a cat of unusual coloration that had appeared on the streets.\nYet after this storm named "Chiori" struck that year's Fontaine Fashion Week, nearly all could hear the echoes of its thunderous fury reverberating throughout Fontaine.\nIn a flash, the headlines of Fontaine's papers were completely occupied with a foreign name.\nSome critics have opined that quality clothes are not just for looking at, but can also be "heard." In this aspect, Chiori had succeeded. Every stitch and thread of her clothes told a story: the echoes of waves, the breathing of a forest, a sweet spring gushing forth in the desert...\nNaturally, the "old guard" of the fashion world could not tolerate this foreign interloper encroaching upon their territory, and thus raised their banners and declared war upon this "invader," using various methods.\nYet everyone can see how it ended. Not only did they taste the bitterness of defeat, but some of them — for the first time in their lives — tasted the feeling of falling butt-first into the gutter.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nIt is unclear when the Chioriya Boutique gained the nickname of "intelligence boutique." Even Chiori herself is at a bit of a loss as to how this occurred. It's almost as if all she needs to do is share some of the information she has overheard in her shop with her friends, and it will have a tremendous impact on certain matters.\nLater, she came to understand that rather than the Chioriya Boutique being the source of reams of intelligence, it was better to say that rivers of intelligence flowed of their own accord through her doors.\nThose impeccably dressed merchants and government dignitaries were a kaleidoscopic flock of butterflies, each scattering the pollen known as "intelligence" from their fluttering wings onto that gorgeous flower called the Chioriya Boutique. Their actual intention was not to pollinate this flower, but rather to flaunt just how much pollen they had to the other butterflies. They consider the amount of information one had on them to be far more worthy of taking pride in than the quantity of gems sewn into one's garments.\n—Have you heard? So-and-so has yet another new flame!\n—Oh, and that one, they seem to have sealed a huge deal with the one from the Maison Gardiennage!\n—You mean the one in charge of transportation? Now I've heard that what he's really transporting is...\n—Shh! You can't say that out loud!\n...\nIf she really had to choose, Chiori would rather not listen to all this. She feels allergic to this sort of pollen, with the primary symptom being difficulty in quietly and wholeheartedly focusing on clothing. Thus, when designing new styles and products, she generally does not show up in her shop.\nBut after realizing the value of such intelligence, she began to take a certain amount of notice on behalf of others. Should the interests of friends or the safety of Fontaine be involved, she would kindly send a letter to give a friendly reminder, or do so to their face. For her, this is no different from tailoring clothes — sewing each element into its proper place.\nIn accordance with a businessperson's principles, Chiori naturally collects some small tokens of "repayment." After all, as she is wont to say: It's only business if there's an exchange.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nIf you truly wish to understand Chiori's designs, then you must witness Chiori fashioning clothes with your own eyes.\nThe first time people see said designs, it's as if they cannot comprehend what is before them. Does this designer not know what "rules" are? How can women's clothes be tailored like men's? How can men's formalwear use women's fabrics?\nYet there is some quality within that attracts them, and halts them in their tracks. It's as if all of this rejection and resistance to the "rules" is so eminently reasonable that it is plainly saying: You are the ones who are wrong.\nIt is the same for Chiori as she tailors the clothes. From the way she treats the fabric, it is as if she has never seen the material before. Her cuts come from unexpected angles, ignoring the direction of the thread, and sometimes suddenly seizing upon adding a completely new structure halfway through, before upending her own work once again...\nSometimes, she will even draw her sword and swiftly cut the first-rate fabric before her with a clean slash, as though she were not making clothes, but rather dueling — as though she were fighting with the fabric in her hands, vying for authority, with her emerging as the ultimate victor.\nNo one makes clothes as she does, much less converses so with the fabric. Her workstation becomes an operating table, and she knows just what the perfect form of the fabric is, with each stroke of her blade excising lesions and sores from her patient...\nAn employee once complained to Chiori that it was too difficult to cut the style she requested.\n—"Why? Are your scissors not sharp enough?"\n—"No, that's not it... It's just..."\n—"Then you can cut it."\nShe will make you feel that if you cannot cut and trim clothes exactly as you please, then that is because you're simply too foolish to do so. Yet when you see the clothes she tailors, you will feel that if you cannot live exactly as you please, then that is yet more foolish still.\n"Ms. Chiori, I would like to ask, just how do you design your clothes?" —Came the reporter's question.\n—"However I want."\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nDreams. Such an ephemeral word, far flimsier than even the thinnest silks Chiori has laid hands on. Yet when worn, they can be heavier and more suffocating than the thickest fabric.\nShe chased her dream all the way to Fontaine, and yet when she finally managed to catch up to it, she discovered that it had once more run even farther away of its own accord.\nSo, what next? Take up the burden of her dream and forge ahead, or just be content with what she had?\n—No. Chiori firmly told herself. I choose neither.\nShe enjoyed the sweet aftertaste dreams left, the satisfaction that filled her. Yet she hated using dreams of the future to urge herself onward. That was itself a kind of shackle.\nShe chooses to live in the present.\nShe will work tirelessly day and night on a piece of clothing, just so that it might grace the stage of Fashion Week. She will also disappear for weeks on a whim, enjoying every sight along the way, the starry sky overhead every night, until finally setting off on the road back home once tired. It all depends on her mood.\nNone can dictate any aspect of her life to her, no one can tell her what she "should" do; not even her own dreams. It is almost as if she would toss life itself out the window without a moment's hesitation, should it prove an obstacle to her.\n"Never give up" is Chiori's true brand. She has said so herself.\nStrangely, it's as though it is in fact her "dream" that has begun actively trying to draw close to her out of fright. As opposed to her chasing it, her dream is attempting to curry favor with her, like a once-wild tamed beast attempting to cozy up to its new master's side.\n—Ms. Chiori, you've said that you want your brand to become fashionable across Teyvat. May I ask when you expect to achieve this goal?\n—Hard to say. Perhaps when I feel like it.\nChiori's Drafts:\n\nWhen a Snow-Winged Goose chasing the reflection of the moon leapt into the lake, Chiori awoke. She blinked and yawned, gazing at the black evening dress glittering like the star-studded heavens. The shadows of her dream were melting in her mind, leaving inky traces of sadness.\n"Scissors, please." She pushed herself into a sitting position as her loyal assistant appeared by her side, handing Chiori the tool in her hand.\n"And a pencil." She added, and "Tamoto" pulled out a pencil that seemed to have seen quite some use from who knows where.\nWhen seeking inspiration, Chiori prefers solitude to company, and often sets off on her own with little more than the clothes on her back, disliking burdening herself with this and that.\nA notebook is something that nags at her, as though begging her to write something down. A map is too confining, as though seeking to draw lines and boundaries through her empire of fashion without her say-so.\nHer drafts are harder to understand than those of any other designer in the business, for they are often drawn on menus, leaves, or even her own clothing...\nYet her finished products are also more breathtaking than those of any other designer, as they are the distillation of the scenery she has seen, the characters she has met, and even those melted remnants of dreams...\n"Done." She looked at the newspaper before her — or more precisely, the tattered remnants thereof — and nodded in satisfaction. She didn't even remember how she had picked it up today, but that was irrelevant.\nHer drafts are born with such spontaneity, and completed with the same free and easy spirit: They are brought back to the Chioriya Boutique, copied out onto the toile, and then turned into tea-stained taiyaki wrapping paper before finally being laid to rest in the garbage.\nAnd as for the essence of the drafts... They are for customers to admire and acclaim, and for being enshrined on the front page of fashion magazines.\nVision:\n\nNo way forward. Nothing left to do.\nChiori lay prone before the table, eyebrows knitting at her first work. "Tamoto" said nothing, as though sleeping — or perhaps it was that she had simply never awoken. Chiori's habit was to use a small amount of cloth to try out her designs on Tamoto before making an outfit. Should the result prove satisfactory, she would then copy the design onto a full-size model. Yet none of her designs had been able to gain the approval of her teacher.\nNot long before, yet another teacher had expelled her. She had gradually come to understand that sometimes, it wasn't that her teachers disliked her designs, but that they simply didn't dare to be the first to adopt such designs. The judgmental gaze of others were threads far harder to snip than the stitches of any clothes.\n"And what do you think?" She asked the puppet in front of her. "Tamoto" had never complained about her designs, and would happily try on any clothes without protest. But if she could open her mouth, would she say those three words, "I like it"?\nNot long before, Ogura Textiles & Kimonos had extended an invitation to Chiori, asking her to work in the shop. Chiori appreciated Ogura Mio's intentions, for among the children studying tailoring, she was one who seemed to admire Chiori's designs.\nBut no. Chiori shook her head, rejecting the idea.\nWhen all was said and done, that was someone's else shop, someone else's name. She didn't like the feeling of dwelling within the home of another.\n"Fontaine..." She whispered softly. The word had been bubbling to the surface of her mind of late, as a hummed tune overheard may linger forever in the ear, unforgettable.\nThe books said that was the capital of fashion, a city of the arts. The merchants said it was a place that revered entertainment, and that anything interesting would be liked by everyone there.\nThen, Chiori had thought it too far away. It would take months of travel just to get there. Now, she felt that Inazuma was too far away. Her designs would reach few here.\n"Fontaine... Fontaine..." She murmured the name several more times, as though doing so could pull that faraway country closer to her.\nAs she thought of "Ogura Textiles & Kimonos," she found herself speaking another name — "Chioriya Boutique."\n—It was as though her heartstrings had suddenly been plucked and were now humming. The sounds of "Fontaine" and "Chioriya Boutique" were two notes that seemed to form a perfect harmonious chord.\n"Fontaine's 'Chioriya Boutique'..." She closed her eyes and imagined a sign emblazoned with her name appearing on Fontaine's vibrant avenues, and how the people there would sound speaking the strange name. It suddenly all seemed so real to her, as though, at that moment, the real her was already in Fontaine, and the "her" left here was merely a shadow she had carelessly left behind in Inazuma.\nShe swiftly sat up and left the house without so much as a word to her parents. They were shocked, and looked at each other in dismay, guessing that perhaps she was going out for a walk to unwind. Yet when she next returned, she had already said her goodbyes to some, and left a few others with no doubt as to what she really thought of them. Either way, the name "Chiori" would certainly return to Inazuma's shores long before she did. That was the oath she swore.\n"I'm leaving tomorrow," She said to her parents. That melody humming internally was urging her forward, and she had to go chase the her that was in Fontaine.\nHer mother looked at her father reproachfully, as if to say "Of all the traits she inherited, it had to have been your personality."\nNaturally, her parents didn't try to stop her, as they knew very well that once this child said something, it was already set in stone.\nAs Chiori returned to her room to pack her things, the items on her table suddenly shifted, startling her.\n"Tamoto" slowly turned in circles, as though showing off the clothes Chiori had made for her, before happily floating over to Chiori— and in the puppet's outstretched hands was a brilliant Vision.\n~~chiori ends here~~\nChongyun:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nThroughout its long history, Liyue has never had a lack of rumors and myths regarding all manner of evil spirits and demons. And regardless of the truth of such rumors, someone has to do something about them.\nChongyun was born into a renowned family of exorcists, and has possessed a natural ability to drive away evil spirits from a young age due to his pure-yang spirit. His powers of exorcism are far beyond the norm: his mere presence is sufficient to scatter evil spirits.\nHowever, this has proven to be an inconvenience for Chongyun himself, for though he has undertaken hundreds of successful exorcisms, he has never come face-to-face with a single ghost or demon.\nChongyun believes in his heart that a true exorcist should exorcize evil with charms and swordsmanship. This natural ability that he has... is just not orthodox.\nTherefore, he has dedicated himself to the study of exorcism techniques and martial arts, as well as seeking the haunts of evil spirits to prove himself an able and professional exorcist even without his unique physical condition.\nYet, when will that condition stop being a stumbling block on his path to self-realization?\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nWhen Chongyun first ventured out as an exorcist, there had been much talk of an evil spirit lurking inside Liyue Harbor.\nThe victim of these hauntings was a woman from a family with a high enough stature to even have a word or two with the Liyue Qixing.\nFrom a time she knew not when, her sleep began to be harassed by sounds that kept her awake, but every time she tried to follow the sound, it would suddenly shift behind her, and begin ringing again in her ears.\nThis shock caused her unspeakable distress, and she even lost weight for loss of appetite.\nHer wealth was enough to hire the best exorcists from all over, but no matter what they tried, they had to retreat empty-handed. And not only did the noises persist, they even grew in boldness.\nIt was then, just when she had given up all hope, that Chongyun walked through her door.\n"I apologize for coming just now, it has been far too sunny lately... I heard that this place houses a very stubborn ghost. Please, leave it to me."\nThen Chongyun brought a chair over, and sat upon it in the middle of the house for a time.\nThat night, the strange sounds were no more.\nThe wealthy woman finally had a good night's sleep, and she came running to Chongyun the next morning with an overabundance of gold and jewelry as a reward.\nBut Chongyun, as was his wont, only accepted his usual fee of a few hundred Mora without an ounce of emotion on his face.\nEver since that incident, Chongyun has found that his reputation precedes him for miles around. He has become beloved in Liyue for his "style and character," and indeed scholars have given him this appellation: "a heart of clear water, and a face of ice."\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nHowever, calling his mannerisms and style "frosty" couldn't be farther from the truth.\nDue to the abundance of yang energy in his constitution, he is constantly troubled by increased body temperature and sudden urges or impulses.\nHe has tried everything to alleviate the issues both physically and psychologically.\nHis methods include not drinking hot water, not eating hot or spicy food, wearing light clothes, not getting into arguments, keeping himself from being angered, staying indoors on sweltering days, and always bringing a parasol when on the job.\nIn short, he attempted to stay away from everything that might aggravate his condition.\nDespite all this, his yang energy did not subside a whit.\nA little depressed, Chongyun began to wrestle with his own body. When he heard about an evil spirit in Dragonspine, he made for the peak wearing only a shirt.\nThough it was hard enough to keep himself warm, he still felt this insufficient. Digging a hole in a frozen lake, he jumped in and soaked in the icy water while waiting for the evil spirit to show itself.\nAfter staying in the lake for half a day, he finally caught a glimpse of his target.\nHowever, after pursuing it down to the mountainside, he discovered it was only a snow rabbit that had been frightened off by his flying swords and floating charms.\nThe fever that he ran afterward lasted far longer than it would in a normal person.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nChongyun's pure-yang spirit is not only a huge obstacle in his path as an exorcist, but a constant daily hassle.\nHe must be extra careful to stay away from "heaty" things, to which he is very sensitive, or risk his yang energy and emotions going out of control.\nChongyun's clan once held a celebration party at Wanmin Restaurant. And though he waited until all the dishes had gone cold, he did not expect the tender rice balls to be stuffed with Jueyun Chili.\nAfter but a single bite... Chongyun had no recollection of what happened next.\nHowever, according to the victim, chef Xiangling of Wanmin Restaurant, many unforgettable things happened.\nChongyun first jumped onto the reception desk and shouted, "Everything's on me tonight!" — never mind that he did not actually have any money on him.\nHe then began to chat with customers at other tables as if they were old pals, bragging to them of how incredible his clan's exorcist arts were, never forgetting to taste other people's dishes on the tables before he left.\nLastly, he claimed to have sensed an evil spirit in Wanmin Restaurant. This he did not find, but he did slap a charm on Xiangling's forehead and chase her around with his sword.\nAfterwards, Chongyun scrimped and saved for an entire month to pay Wanmin Restaurant back for the mess and any damages he might have caused; he also gave Xiangling an evil-warding talisman that he carved by hand.\nBut Xiangling, for her part, didn't mind Chongyun's "transgressions" at all. Instead, she felt that the crazy Chongyun was the real Chongyun, without any personal walls up.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nChongyun has had the privilege of meeting a true friend in his long journey as an exorcist: Xingqiu.\nIn contrast to the hard-working Chongyun, Xingqiu was naturally gifted, and had a more flexible way of looking at problems.\nAfter learning about Chongyun's troubles, Xingqiu came up with a possible solution.\n"If you can't reduce the effects of your yang energy, what if you sought out an evil spirit that is immune to it?"\nThis was a eureka moment for Chongyun. Since then, Chongyun has no longer sought to alleviate his condition. Instead, he now tries to get Xingqiu to come with him to find such a spirit.\n"What? Sightings of the legendary Aoyin near the Sea of Clouds? Leave it to me!"\n"The old house at Feiyun Slope has been taken over by an evil spirit? My bad. I'll attend to it right away."\n"A master exorcist is staying over at Wangshu Inn? I could learn a lot from him... Hmm, better go with a gift."\nXingqiu usually just makes these "leads" up as he goes, and thanks to his "advice," Chongyun often comes back empty-handed, blaming his bad luck.\n"I tried my best to look for it, and even spent quite a sum purchasing more intelligence on that evil spirit — but I wound up missing it by a hair anyway," Chongyun says, abashed.\nIf Xingqiu has time to spare when such an occasion arises, he will encourage Chongyun, treat him to some new cold dishes he has found and then set off to get Chongyun's swindled money back.\nA warm and reliable companion, indeed! — So Chongyun thinks at such moments. Who could he possibly trust, if not his fine friend Xingqiu?\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nIn truth, Chongyun wishes that he could fit in more, but he is often forced to reject the invitations of others on account of his need to control his abundance of yang energy.\nOf these practices, he finds one particularly incomprehensible: hot springs.\nBathing and "relaxing" in steaming-hot water? Even the sound of that scares him a hundred times more than freezing in a lake on Dragonspine.\nHowever, he has also heard everyone sing yearning praises of these hot springs, praising their comfort, and asserting that they become more so the hotter they are, and that one is filled with energy for a whole week afterward.\nChongyun still doesn't know if this is true or if people are just teasing him.\nAnd he would have dared to try it out, if not for the ever-present problem of his pure-yang spirit.\nXingqiu once asked him this:\n"If you were able to master your yang energy and rid the world of all evil spirits someday...what would you do after that?"\nThis seemingly off-the-cuff remark troubled Chongyun deeply.\nPerhaps he had indeed missed out on a lot in life on account of his condition.\nBut he doesn't regret spending time. If one way of living doesn't work, he just needs to find himself another — and in any case, he already has his answer.\nIf that day comes, well, he'll go to the hot springs then.\nField Guide to Demons and Beasts:\n\nThe tomes that Chongyun's family has passed down from generation to generation detail every evil spirit they have ever subdued.\nFrom little critters to the monstrous demons found in tall tales of horror, their varieties are almost dazzling.\nIt was one such terrifying story that inspired Chongyun's vow to rid the world of evil spirits.\nBut as far as he is concerned, inheriting these books has... also proved inconvenient.\nOther than textual descriptions, the books also contain illustrations of said evil spirits that carefully detail their unique characteristics — even if the artist may not have been the greatest talent.\nBut Chongyun has never seen an evil spirit in his life. Unwilling to break with this artistic tradition, he was at a loss.\nUltimately, he would attempt to use his imagination to draw some suitably strange images.\n—Thus did the Field Guide to Demons and Beasts grow ever more exotic. Best not to think too deeply about that seven-winged, five-legged chicken-beast or that half-fish, half-hilichurl demon.\nVision:\n\n"Those other exorcists at least have the courtesy to wave their swords or tack on some talismans. You just sat here for a while, and now you say you're done, and that I should pay you? Who are you trying to fool?"\nChongyun faced a great deal of suspicion when he first took up the role of an exorcist.\nHe immediately faced one big hurdle: it was a lot easier to prove that "evil spirits are present" than not.\nOf course he would seem a charlatan even compared to "exorcists" who just went through the motions.\nWith all the ability in the world but no place to use it, looked on with suspicion, and needing to suppress any passionate impulses...\nThose who eventually apologized to him were also few.\nBut even so, Chongyun would not go with the flow, and use some fancy act to cover for his real method of conducting exorcism.\nEven with his unique composition posing countless obstacles for him, Chongyun has never once considered giving up.\nOne day, he will become the greatest exorcist in Liyue, control his abundance of yang energy, and rid the world of evil spirits.\nPerhaps it was this resolve that earned him the gods' favor — that said, the Vision granted to Chongyun was one of "Cryo" rather than "Pyro."\nAs to which of his goals it was that the Vision responded to, that is also a mystery.\n~~chongyun ends here~~\nCitlali:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\n"Shamans" are practitioners of a mysterious craft who originate from the Masters of the Night-Wind. With many mystical abilities at their disposal, they are wise and powerful figures. In the eyes of the people of Natlan, whether one seeks medicine or wishes to decipher a cryptic prophecy, visiting a shaman is always the right choice. They can be both doctors and prophets, playing indispensable roles both in everyday life and in matters of far greater import. In short, theirs is a highly respected profession.\nYet above the many shamans, there are "great shamans" in a league of their own. They say it is a title that only those who reach the very pinnacle of their mystical arts may earn — and indeed, throughout the entire history of Natlan, they have been few and far between. Their deeds shine forth like the brightest stars in the night sky, adding a touch of legend to the already unfathomable shamanistic mystique.\nCitlali is one such great shaman, and the only one in Natlan today.\nYet contrary to what most might expect, you will not find her dealing with everyday matters, nor with major affairs, rarely even participating in events as significant as tribal ceremonies. For outsiders who seek the great shaman's assistance, navigating the many obstacles in their way may prove a greater challenge than traversing the many chasms of Natlan itself.\n"Looking for Granny Itztli? Best not disturb her! If you really must go, go prepared — and just so we're on the same page, don't go dragging me into it..." Thus would most members of the Masters of the Night Wind respond, as if Citlali were some formidable fiend, a monster of great menace and untold might.\n"The great shaman... Mwahaha, she's your only option, isn't she? Pfff, the Almighty Dragonlord doesn't have time for puny punks like you. But since you asked so nicely, I'll let you use my name when you knock. That way, she's bound to take your request seriously." A certain oddball entity and self-styled Dragonlord might respond as such, as if Citlali were some easily dealt with triviality.\n"Need Granny's help? You're looking for the right person if so — she knows everything about everything! Do you have her address? Actually, let me take you there myself! Oh, just so you know, when we get there, you'll have to keep knocking non-stop. Granny's kinda shy, so you have to be proactive, alright?" This is the kind of response you'd receive from a certain top-ranking guide from the People of the Springs, as if Citlali were no more than a bashful young girl.\n"Seeking help from Citlali? A wise choice indeed. Her assistance has been instrumental in the success of many of Natlan's most important affairs. I'm confident she'll know how to resolve your troubles too." That great leader, the keeper of the Sacred Flame herself, might say this, as if Citlali were the very epitome of a responsible and approachable elder.\nUltimately, after much inquiry, those seeking her aid often end up feeling even more confused than when they first set out, left with no other choice but to give up their petition as a lost cause.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nCitlali's home lies at some considerable distance from the tribal settlement. Tucked away in a secluded corner of the mountains, you might call it the perfect retreat for solitary living. But in stark contrast to the way the homes of the average "recluse" might blend into their natural surroundings, her remote dwelling is conspicuous — so much so, in fact, that it is practically unmissable.\nThe main reason for this, no doubt, is the graffiti that covers its outer walls. Bold, over-the-top, and provocative, it seems to have been deliberately designed to get on someone's nerves. To understand this, one must note a rather odd tradition that has become prevalent among the Masters of the Night-Wind's shamans. They will often strive to seek out particularly strong peers among their circle, then orchestrate coincidences by which their own students end up clashing with these powerful shamans; and then, by utilizing the pressure exerted by these formidable figures, they push their students to improve. Perhaps it is precisely because of the familial character of the bond between master and disciple shamans that, to bypass their own subconscious, almost parental tenderness, they must rely upon a stern uncle or aunt figure to carry out the tough tests required. Many years ago, another great shaman named Huitzilin chose Citlali to be the target of such conflicts for her own students. How did she achieve this, you might ask? By having them plaster the outer walls of Citlali's home with taunting graffiti — a direct and unignorable challenge if ever there was one.\nFor her part, Citlali performed her role of encouraging the younger generation to improve with flying colors. Not a single one of those bumptious, presumptuous, self-important novices — puffed up by having a great shaman as their mentor — withstood more than a single meeting with her as their adversary. They were, to the last, left humbled and respectful, viewing shamanhood with newfound reverence.\nAfter Huitzilin's passing, her disciples, and even the disciples of her disciples, continued to designate Citlali as the target for their students to challenge, claiming that this was her dying wish.\nThough this practice strayed somewhat from tradition, most Masters of the Night-Wind were unsurprised. Huitzilin had been a great shaman on par with Citlali, and was said to understand and admire Citlali's strength better than anyone. To Huitzilin, only those bold enough to challenge Citlali were worthy of inheriting her legacy. And indeed, the challenges yielded remarkable results. Those brave enough to face Citlali often went on to make exceptional achievements, whether holding key positions within the tribe or attaining a profound mastery of the mystic arts. Over time, challenging Citlali through the medium of graffiti became a tradition of its own.\nThis tradition, though, has been the source of no small amount of grief for Huitzilin's own shamanic descendants. Starting right from their days as apprentices, they must endure defeat after crushing defeat at Citlali's hands. Eventually, they had no choice but to modify Huitzilin's challenge criteria, making it enough to simply last long enough against her. All manner of stories began to spread about Granny Itztli, fueled by the sorry experiences of all those challengers who fell short.\nWhenever a challenger fails, Citlali uses her mystical abilities to erase their graffiti. Thus, over the years, the graffiti on the wall has changed, time and time again. As time went on, Citlali's initial irritation dulled. Given her power and status, she could easily have put an end to this annoying practice, yet instead she allowed it to continue. As for her reasons, some would argue that Citlali uses these failed challengers as a means of enhancing her own reputation; while others believe that, despite her general aloofness, the great shaman still retains a sense of responsibility for nurturing future generations. Even if just a sliver...\nPerhaps only Citlali herself knows the real reason — that it reminds her of that precious time spent sparring with an old rival. As long as that ever-changing graffiti continues to appear on her wall, she can keep pretending that those days never truly passed.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nIf you were to ask someone what Citlali's favorite hobby was, no matter if they knew her well, feared her, or even just heard a rumor about her for the very first time, you would get the same answer: light novels. Almost everyone's first encounter with her involves seeing her engrossed in one of these books.\nBut if you were then to follow up and ask which light novel was her favorite... Well, that's something even those who know her best would struggle to agree upon.\nSome are convinced that it is "Mirage Warriors," the light novel she most frequently discusses, and perhaps the first one she ever read. Rumor has it that this early classic switched authors three times, yet despite this, was never actually brought to completion. Most of its original readers have, in fact, already passed away — the last one left being Citlali herself, still alive and holding out for updates after two full centuries. Such a book, they say, must hold a special meaning in the context of Citlali's long life, making it the strongest contender for her favorite.\nOthers claim it must be the popular favorite "A Legend of Sword," widely known even throughout Natlan. Yet when others bring up this work, Citlali often seems displeased — not because of any issue with the story itself, but because of her lingering resentment over that one time when they decided not to hold a signing event in Natlan.\nThen there are the heated debates between the advocates of "Shogun Almighty: Reborn as Raiden With Unlimited Power" and "Pretty Please, Kitsune Guuji?." One school of thought believes the former is her favorite, pointing to the time that she discovered her copy of "Raiden Reincarnation" was not actually a first edition, flying into such a rage that she nearly scared the book merchant to death. The other side argues for the latter, recounting how ruthlessly Citlali crushed a certain group of challengers whose sudden appearance had caused her to miss out on getting her hands on the deluxe edition of "Kitsune Guuji."\nCitlali herself has never given a straightforward answer to the question, leaving the matter unresolved. However, a particularly bold specimen of a prying busybody once claimed to have discovered a secret compartment in her bookshelf, well-concealed and even protected by several layers of special mystical seals — without a shadow of a doubt, the ironclad repository of her most treasured light novel.\nCitlali quickly deduced that this individual must have been a petty thief who had once broken into her home. After tracking down the intruder and personally administering a thorough thrashing, she handed them over to the tribal guards. From that moment on, the mystical defenses around her home gained yet another layer of protection.\nStill, she never outright denied the pesky little pilferer's claim. Because, as it just so happens, there is indeed a secret compartment in her bookshelf.\nThe book stored within is neither one of the latest bestsellers nor a rare out-of-print collector's edition. Instead, it is an obscure and unsung light novel, barely known even in its homeland of Inazuma: "New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune."\nSo, is this Citlali's favorite light novel? It's very hard to say. Perhaps, just perhaps, her reason for storing it there had something to do with the first sentence she read when she opened it.\n"Stories relating to memory always seem to have to do with those moments where you gain something and lose it straight away."\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nWhenever Citlali's friends make plans to celebrate her birthday, they always run up against a rather tricky question — just how old is she, actually?\nJudging from her appearance... There's no way to tell.\nAccording to Citlali's own oft-repeated claim, the answer seems to be 200. However, some elders of the Masters of the Night Wind [sic] insist that she must be older, for she has an intimate knowledge of many things that happened over two centuries ago.\n"D'you think Granny was adopted by Saurians when she was young too?" Chasca would wonder, drawing a parallel with her own childhood experience of being raised by a Qucusaur and losing track of her real age.\n"Granny'll always be Granny, and that's not gonna change — whether she's 200 or more." Ororon would respond when people came asking. Having been raised by Citlali since childhood, his awareness of her "ageless" aura is perhaps keener than any other's.\nBut Xilonen was never satisfied with that answer. After all, if they were planning to order a personalized birthday cake, a vague number would only confuse the baker. In her view, clarifying your requirements is the most basic courtesy a customer owes.\n"Hah! If a mere two hundred years has you all running around like headless Flowcurrent Birds, imagine if you could comprehend the unfathomable antiquity of this Almighty Dragonl—" Before he could finish, Ajaw's comments were cut short by Kinich, whose lightning-fast elbow sent the little party pooper flying.\n"Why don't we just settle for 200? Seeing as Granny always insists that's how old she is, I'm sure she has her reasons — just like how many people say they're 'forever 18.' It's a way of making themselves seem younger!" Despite leaving them all deep in thought for a while, Mualani's suggestion was collectively rejected in the end. No matter how you spin it, "forever 200" is an absurd way of projecting a youthful image.\nWhen all others had given up, the ever-resourceful Iansan called upon Mavuika, hoping that the memories passed down by the Sacred Flame might offer some clues. But even Mavuika could not provide a definitive answer. So far as past Pyro Archons remembered, Citlali had always lived the life of a recluse, leaving no indication of her exact age.\nAnd so, they continued to hesitate, knowing that asking Citlali directly was simply out of the question. The quick-witted great shaman would see right through them, completely ruining their celebratory surprise in an instant.\nIn the end, they decided to sidestep the issue altogether, settling on a cake design that didn't require her age to be displayed.\nOn the evening of her birthday, they lured Citlali out of her home with a knock at the door, unveiling the cake and an array of gifts as she stepped outside. At last, their long-planned celebration was successfully underway.\nPerhaps moved by their enthusiasm, Citlali drank a lot that night. As her eyes began to grow hazy, someone finally worked up the courage to ask the question that had been puzzling them all along.\n"How old am I exactly? *hic* Let me tell you something funny..." Citlali began, slurring her words. "I'm certainly not the only one in this world who's lived a long, long life. For the others, it usually goes like this... In the beginning, keeping track of the years is easy, but the longer they live, the more of a hassle it becomes, so they just stop paying attention... *hiccup* But me, well... I'm a lil' different, you see... At first, I never used to worry exactly how old I was. It was only after... something happened... that I suddenly started noticing how old I was becoming... And from that moment on, I started counting, and it's been exactly... 200 years... *hic*!"\nThe mystery behind the "200 years" claim had finally been solved, but her answer had sparked a new question. What could possibly have happened to make Citlali, who had remained so youthful over the past two centuries and longer, suddenly become so acutely aware of the passing of time?\nBut despite their curiosity, no one pressed her any further, for they noticed that Citlali was staring blankly at the night sky — a sign that she had already fallen asleep.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nAs a young lady, Huitzilin had been Citlali's peer during their training, always accompanied by her trusty Iktomisaur companion, Claw. Whenever Huitzilin struck a battle pose, Claw would leap up and down beside her in a combined show of strength.\n"So you're that so-called 'genius' the elders always talk about? Let's settle who's the strongest, once and for all!"\n"...Are you out of your mind?"\nAs abruptly as it started, their first clash ended with Huitzilin's crushing defeat. Though, as it turned out, that was only the beginning. Every so often, Huitzilin would show up again at Citlali's doorstep with Claw in tow. The first few times, all she brought with her were fiery letters of challenge. But not long after, she started bringing snacks too. Eventually, she even brought along wine, stolen from the adults. Whether it was the fine wine that swayed her, or simply that she had resigned herself to the inevitability of Huitzilin's persistence, Citlali stopped resisting her visits.\nAnd just like that, twenty years flew by.\nUntil one day, for the first time ever, the fight ended in a draw. That was the night that Citlali finally accepted Huitzilin's invitation to share wine and snacks under the moonlight.\n"To think that the two of us would become great shamans on the very same day... Seems like we truly are equals in that regard, after all."\n"A hard-won draw's not a bad result, you know. Surely, as my rival, you're finally satisfied now? Maybe you'll even stop pestering me..."\n"What? No. I'll keep coming over, of course! Besides, even if we're no longer rivals, we've been friends for twenty years now, haven't we?"\nAs the slightly tipsy Citlali gazed over at Huitzilin in the dim moonlight, something suddenly struck her. That reckless young lass from two decades past had already blossomed into a poised great shaman. Little Claw had matured too, now an imposing adult Iktomisaur standing a head taller than the two of them.\n"Yes, friends for twenty years..."\nAll of a sudden, Citlali's mind was aflood with memories, details that had been obscured by time's rapid flow. She felt the warmth of their bond, but also an inexplicable sense of foreboding.\nAnother twenty years flew by in the blink of an eye.\nOne day, halfway through cleaning away the graffiti of yet another challenger she had effortlessly defeated, Citlali was interrupted by the sound of familiar footsteps.\n"Hey, old friend. It's been a while since you last asked me out for a drink. You're not mad at me, are you?"\n"If a fight's what you're after, why don't you just drop by yourself? Why'd you keep sending these hopeless fools to pester me, huh?"\n"Well, because... I've reached the age where I have to start taking on students too, y'know."\nCitlali turned around, as though suddenly realizing something she hadn't before. Her friend, who she hadn't seen for quite some time, now bore quite a few wrinkles, no longer the radiant youth she once was. Seeming to sense the complex emotions in Citlali's gaze, Huitzilin tried to lighten the mood, pointing to a nearby field in full bloom.\n"No matter how beautiful Natlan's wildflowers are, they always wither when the dry season comes around. But that never worries us, because we know that the year after, the field will bloom once more. Right?"\n"But the flowers we see now... Not one of them will feel the warmth of the sunlight that shines down on next year's field. In the end, nothing gold can stay, can it?"\n"...I'm sure some hues will hold, my dear friend. Let me think it over — I'll give you your answer soon enough."\nHuitzilin tried in vain to soothe Citlali's apparent unease, for the latter had finally realized from whence her sense of impending crisis came. Citlali stayed wide awake that whole night, watching as portentous meteors streaked across the skies above.\nJust as leaf subsides to leaf, so too do we. By the time the next twenty-year anniversary of their friendship came around, Huitzilin was gone.\n...\nMany years later, as Citlali once again scrubbed graffiti from her wall, she thought back once again upon that afternoon when a girl and her young Iktomisaurus had come to challenge her.\nCountless memories surged back like a tide, vivid as if those moments had occurred just yesterday; yet just as quickly were they carried away again, scattered by the wind into the distant past. With long years' passing, even those emotions that Huitzilin had once failed to calm had by now been diluted, leaving only quiet sighs in their stead.\n"You never gave me that answer, in the end," Citlali murmured.\nYet despite the implication of her words, Citlali had no intention of blaming Huitzilin; for she believed it was a question without answer. After a few cycles of blooming and wilting, the flower she remembered so vividly was now long gone, buried by the sands of time, as even the brightest of flowers would be.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\n"We are like birds, soaring through the horizons of time. I linger between brushes of memory, seeking the 'color' of my final journey."\nEach time Citlali weaves a special scroll to record a significant event, she thinks back upon this phrase of Huitzilin's. It was the first thing that Huitzilin had said as she taught her the mystic art of weaving such scrolls. Thus did she lead Citlali into a vivid realm of recollection, showing her how to craft sprawling works like a master painter; except with a palette not of paints, but of memories instead.\nAfter learning this technique, Citlali followed Huitzilin's example — adorning the record of a grand victory with a touch of fiery orange from warriors' torches, or honoring fallen heroes with a hint of pale violet from flowers laid before a grave. So were these chronicles woven into being, scroll after scroll, ensuring that the Masters of the Night-Wind's traditions would endure.\nCitlali had long understood the burden and responsibility that inheriting this mystic art entailed. So, when she was approached by that golden-haired Traveler, she knew she could not refuse their request. This time, she chose the Traveler's "gold" to represent the light by which the Abyss was illuminated, as well as the final full stop by which this great war was ended. Meticulously she dyed the entire scroll, the memories it contained seeming to come alive in her hands.\n"That way, they're not lost to piles of black and white text."\nHearing the Traveler by her side speak these words, Citlali suddenly felt an emotion long since diluted by time well up inside her again. Remembering Huitzilin's words once more, she realized that her old friend had indeed kept her promise.\nWhen the flowers wither when the dry season comes, and all is buried by the dunes of time, what then shall remain?\n"The color of memories, that's what."\nThis was the answer that Huitzilin had given all those years ago. It was also the one that Citlali was now able to give the Traveler in response to their question. She knew that it would bind her to another promise that would only be fulfilled after facing many more long years; yet this time, she felt far more resolute.\nPresenting the Traveler with a token she had prepared long ago, for the first time ever, Citlali spoke aloud the wish she hoped to fulfill over the course of her long life.\n"I hope that my colors may abide in your memory always."\nTzitzimimeh:\n\n"The first is Citlalin, baleful star of the North!"\n"The second is Itzpapa, malefic omen of the South!"\nWhenever someone mentions the two dolls that Citlali keeps by her side, which she refers to as her Tzitzimimeh, the Masters of the Night-Wind often respond with these words as a warning — the intention being to silence loose tongues, lest they bring down a terrible curse upon themselves. If the rumors are to be believed, these dolls house the conscious wills of some ilk of malevolent demon, subduable only by the wrath of Granny Itztli herself. As such, their names have become synonymous with Granny Itztli's own, invokable as some sort of incantation to stop a toddler's tantrum in its otherwise unstoppable tracks.\nHowever, anyone who has had the opportunity to observe these two dolls up close would find them far less intimidating than the stories might suggest. In manner and appearance, they come across more like cute little animals than fearsome demons. Though Citlali does indeed frequently hurl them at her enemies in combat, the fear instilled by this peculiar tactic pales in comparison to the terror she inspires with her own two fists.\nAnd though it is true that within these dolls is sealed the dreadful power of inauspicious stars, this has absolutely nothing to do with their consciousnesses. Citlali crafted the Tzitzimimeh using the bones of small animals that had died of natural causes. The lingering remnants of their spirits were reawakened by the dolls' bodies, which is what bestowed consciousness upon them. As such, this pair of clingy little critters bring with them no curses whatsoever — on the contrary, they bring emotional comfort in spades, akin to the kind one might find in a pet.\nFunnily enough, Citlali very rarely lets anyone know this. Though, given that she uses them as weapons, it's probably for the best that they seem a bit on the scarier side.\nVision:\n\nEven after becoming a great shaman, Citlali had still never received an Ancient Name.\nThough it was undeniable that she had become a veritable pillar of the Masters of the Night-Wind, and that her assistance was indispensable for the successful undertaking of many of Natlan's most important affairs, no hero's name came to resonate with her.\nPeople felt that this was a great shame, but there was nothing they could do for her. After reaching the age of seventy, Citlali grew reluctant to leave her home, seeming to have lost all passion for the world and only attending to matters in which her direct involvement was absolutely and unequivocally required. Naturally, such an air of detached indifference did not win her the favor of any heroic spirits.\nHowever, in places most people were not even aware of, Citlali retained a great enthusiasm for one thing: weaving the special scrolls upon which major historical events were recorded.\nEach of these scrolls required decades to complete, an entire generation swept away by the time they were done. Yet always she persisted, maybe because it was her old friend's last wish, or maybe because doing so allowed her to avoid the company of others. She neither expected to see this task through to its end, nor did she seek any response to her efforts.\n"Just a way to pass the time," she told herself.\nAnd that was why, on the night a certain ancestor called out to her from the Night-Wind's mist-shrouded hues, Citlali was rather stumped.\n"Do you believe I will inherit your Ancient Name?"\n"Sooner or later, you will indeed. You just do not yet know the reason why."\n"But first, please, accept my message. When the time comes, it will hold the answer to your doubts."\nThe colors of the Night-Wind shifted, communicating in a language that only Citlali could decipher.\n"We are like birds, soaring through the horizons of time."\n"I linger in verdant forests, skim across azure waves, soar over fiery magma, gather golden ore, and chase after pink-plumed flower-feathers."\n"When twilight falls, my graffiti adorns the night sky."\n"All that I depict shall be gifts, given to the world of the deceased."\n"This was once my name, and it will be yours as well."\n"Ukumbuko, 'Memory.'"\nWith the message complete, the Night-Wind that was shrouded in mist drifted toward the scroll that Citlali had just finished dyeing, transforming into a mysterious iridescence that illuminated the entire scene.\nAs she gazed upon the woven scroll, Citlali suddenly recalled once more the night her old friend passed away.\n"The mission she left me... It was once yours too, was it not?"\n"It was indeed. But for you, it seems to be more than just a mission."\nFollowing a trail of shimmering colors, Citlali opened up her hand. As if from nowhere, a glimmering Vision had somehow appeared in her palm.\n"It appears to be your 'wish' as well."\n~~citlali ends here~~\nClorinde:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nDisputes are a Mora a dozen in Fontaine, day in and day out.\nA confectioner might accuse another of stealing their recipe — and not only that, but replacing Bulle Fruit peel with Mint, thus bringing disgrace not only upon themselves, but upon the very dessert itself! Or a playwright might accuse a fanatical reader of imitating their style and taking up a pen name too close to their own, to the point that even the newspapers could not distinguish the genuine article. A merchant might accuse a colleague of targeted, malicious, cutthroat competition, of not only constantly adjusting their prices, but of intentionally setting up shop directly opposite them...\nAlmost everyone claims to be wholly in the right, appealing incessantly for the support of passersby in the hope of swaying the crowd and winning their case in the court of public opinion.\nMost of the time, such disputes are settled with relative ease, either by Gardes or by Gestionnaires rushing onto the scene. But there will always be a minority of claimants who, acting with ulterior intentions, will obstinately press for court proceedings just to get their name out there.\n"I'll see you in court!" comes the challenge. When things reach this stage, any hope that the voice of reason might prevail starts to buckle under the unstoppable force of emotion, neither side willing to give an inch as they begin to square off for a legal showdown.\nUntil, that is, an exasperated Gestionnaire standing by — long since having given up any hope of successful mediation — interjects in a tone of despair:\n"Alright, I respect your right to take this to the courts. But before you do, you must make the following preparations..."\n"...Once judgment is pronounced, if you believe the verdict to be unjust, you may propose that the matter be settled by a duel."\n"To my knowledge, the most recently rostered Champion Duelist is Miss Clorinde..."\nAs soon as the name of Clorinde is mentioned, all bickering comes to an abrupt halt.\nFor all are well-acquainted with the name of this undefeated Champion Duelist. Beneath her blade, all despicable deeds that aim to capitalize on mere fortune under the guise of decency will show their true colors — and she has never once known defeat in a duel.\n"...Ahem. Oh, uh... I suppose there's no need to go that far, is there?"\nThus are such marketplace altercations, undercut by ulteriority, temporarily dissipated. Watching the two self-seeking merchants leave the scene with their tails between their legs, the Gestionnaire lets out a knowing laugh, then gives the younger, still uncomprehending colleague beside them a pat on the arm, and says:\n"You see, the sword is mightier than the pen, after all."\nCharacter Story 1:\n\n"If you find yourself facing Clorinde, you'd be better off accepting your verdict immediately." Whether you heard it from the mouth of one who had known the misfortune of facing Clorinde themselves, or someone who had merely watched her dueling from the safety of the stands, there's next to no chance that this would have been said in jest.\nTake some of those who lost their duels with her in under a minute, for instance. A young lady who sought to prepare by tightly wrapping lengths of cloth around her hand so that she would not lose her grip on the hilt of her sword. Before she knew it, the strips of cloth had been cut off one by one with pinpoint precision, and her weapon sent spinning up into the air with such ease that it resembled a sewing needle. Or those flustered "gentlemen," somewhat of a recurring type, who turn up sporting all sorts of hidden gadgets from head to toe — pistolets stuffed into their hats, daggers in their shoes, powder bottles up their sleeves. Once their tricks have been spent, they end up being thrown on their backsides without exception, now facing the additional charge of "contempt of court." And that's not even to mention those desperate individuals who, by leveraging all means available to them, seek to curry favor before the duel has even begun, painting themselves as victims in a vain attempt to win the people's sympathy. But this doesn't change the inevitability of their defeat in the dueling ring. After all, a sword tarnished by a sheath of lies is no use for cutting anything.\nBut there is a benefit to the existence of this motley crew of failed scoundrels and slapstick comedians — namely, they serve as counterexamples helping the crowds recognize those others who are willing to duel with real honor, and when there is indeed some truth in the "justice" that they proclaim. Even if such a person ends up losing, people will listen to what they have to say — for they see that this is someone who stands firmly by their beliefs, and has the courage to draw a sword in their defense.\nSome say that when Miss Clorinde fights such individuals, she holds back slightly and never uses her full strength. A member of the audience, having once witnessed such a duel up close, even swore up and down that he saw the corner of Miss Clorinde's mouth curl up very slightly in what must have been approval. And surely, it is only in facing such opponents that the true meaning of the word "duel" is given its full expression, no?\nBut Clorinde cares not whether the audience is moved by her duels, nor to hear the internal monologues they might inspire.\nAs far as this Champion Duelist is concerned, the only meaning to be taken from a duel comes from facing your opponent on fair terms to determine a winner, a loser, and the righteous cause.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nClorinde cuts a dashing figure during duels, and her bearing has won her many admirers.\nThese "enthusiastic" citizens have carefully analyzed every aspect of this Champion Duelist's being.\nWhere did she learn her skill with the blade? Was it passed down through her family, or acquired unexpectedly? Might the explanation for her outstanding swordsmanship be that she is the last in the line of some fallen dynasty that once practiced the art?\nIt is said that she performs a "sword cleansing rite" before each of her duels. But with what does she cleanse the body of her sword? Water of the highest purity, drawn directly from the Fountain of Lucine? Some kind of special cleansing ointment? Or could it be that, to strengthen her connection to her weapon, she even adds a touch of... her own blood?\nNo, no, no! The great power of this "rite" surely lies not in the mere cleansing of her sword, but rather in her calling upon the spirit of some master swordsman to possess her, thus explaining her unbroken streak!\nFor a time, the figure of this undefeated Champion Duelist became shrouded in all kinds of colorful stories, driving the citizens (mainly the journalists, to be precise) into a frenzy of gossip and curiosity.\nFinally, driven to exasperation by all the reporters hiding in the bushes and flower beds by their main entrance, the court authorities assembled the journalists and released an official statement:\n"The weapons and methods employed by Miss Clorinde in her duels — and this goes for all our other Champion Duelists too — are entirely mundane, and not, as rumor would have it, imbued with exaggerated powers of any kind..."\nA wave of indignation spread through the audience, their expressions making clear that they remained utterly unconvinced.\n"If such unfounded rumors begin to exert a pernicious and malign influence on public opinion, the courts reserve the right to formally bring proceedings against those deemed responsible for fabricating and propagating said rumors..."\nThis threat was met with disdain by the journalists, whose Kameras continued to shoot away without any sign of stopping.\n"...Let it be known, responsibility for the execution of the duties of Champion Duelist for all relevant trials is hereby entrusted to... Miss Clorinde!"\nWith this, the journalists fell silent all at once.\nTo this, Clorinde — who, having been forced to attend this farce of a press conference, was sitting off to one side — nodded and replied:\n"Of course. That's my job."\nAnd so were the absurd rumors about Clorinde finally brought under control. Nowadays, the only traces of that storm of conjecture still to be found are contained within the pages of a few daring theater scripts and edgy novels.\nBut were you to confront any one of the playwrights or novelists concerned, they would, without exception, firmly deny any taking any inspiration whatsoever from those rumors.\nNope, absolutely no connection to those old fabrications whatsoever, none at all!\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nIn truth, those rumors that Clorinde had been dabbling with supernatural forces were indeed completely unfounded.\nThe formidable fighting talent of this Champion Duelist had its origins instead in the legacy of a group that once hunted down phantoms throughout the land of Fontaine: the "Marechaussee Hunters."\nLegend has it that at the time of Fontaine's founding, there was a hero who went by the name of "Golden Hunter." To wipe out the monsters that threatened the peace of Fontaine, it was he who founded the Marechaussee Hunters, gathering a band of heroes — among them the descendants of the Lochknights — to hunt down monsters and villains across Fontaine, leaving behind countless heroic legends in their wake. Yet once peace had finally been restored throughout the land, the name of the "Marechaussee Hunters" gradually fell into obscurity.\nToday, when the people of Fontaine speak of the Marechaussee Hunters, most know only of the "Hunter's Oath," having heard it mentioned in some play or novel.\n"From this day, I pass the candle's shadow-veil."\n"Now, as we face the perils of the long night..."\n"I pledge to remember the oath of daylight."\n"To enshrine tears, life, and love."\n"Holding dawn's coming as my votive."\n"And so shall I never despair."\nFor most Fontainians, the story of the Marechaussee Hunters is now but a legend full of drama and excitement.\nBut to Clorinde, the deeds and oaths of the Hunters are her living, breathing inheritance.\nThe first thing she learned from her mentor, the Marechaussee Hunter Petronilla, was the swordsmanship required to slay monsters. The approach of the Hunter requires them to stay as close as possible to their prey so that they might plunge their blade into weak points with lightning-fast agility. To train her in this technique, Petronilla consigned Clorinde to a room filled with rotating pillars, each of which had been set up with many wooden swords protruding outwards, their tips covered with cloth bags.\n"They might contain candy, or they might contain metallic sand. Or perhaps they'll contain all the hair I've lost while teaching you..."\n"You can chop open these bags or simply avoid them. I'll leave you to make that call."\n"Seeing as you've already had lunch today, you might as well keep going all the way through to dinnertime. Remember, try to reserve enough strength to eat. Alright, begin!"\nBy undergoing such training, Clorinde not only developed the Marechaussee Hunter's skills of marksmanship, tracking, camouflage, and footwork, but also learned their method of quickly revealing their identity when encountering fellow Hunters in order to avoid accidental injury.\nYet Clorinde has never mentioned the hardships she endured during her training to anyone else. After all, she is now a Champion Duelist of the Trial Court, not a Marechaussee Hunter from centuries past.\nShe trusts that her mentor, who left without so much as saying goodbye, would understand her decision. The Marechaussee Hunters once wielded their swords to slay fierce monsters in defense of Fontaine's peace and stability. It is only natural, then, that their inheritor should do so to strike down lawless villains.\nEven if her mentor had objected, Clorinde would not have minded settling their debate in the time-honored fashion of the Marechaussee Hunters.\nAfter all, as Ms. Petronilla once said herself, if Clorinde could defeat her, she'd be willing to listen to the latter's dissenting opinion.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nWhen the boss of the "Tabletop Troupe" first saw Clorinde visiting his club, he was at a complete loss as to how to react.\nBefore him was the legendary Champion Duelist herself, complete with tricorne hat, impeccable uniform, even pistolet and sword hanging by her waist. For a time, memories of mistakes he'd made in his past (some of which were not even technically mistakes...) flashed before his eyes, interspersed with frightful fragments of duels he'd witnessed. With the "Welcome!" he'd normally have greeted a new face with stuck in his throat, all he could do was stand there, not knowing what to say.\nAfter much consideration, just as this "Welcome!" was about to come out as "Please, have mercy!" Navia, who had followed Clorinde in, laughed and began to speak.\n"My friend here has expressed an interest in experiencing the Tabletop Troupe for herself! So, how about it? Any fun scripts you'd recommend?"\n"She's no beginner though. She can be very picky about script quality, so make sure it's the best one you've got!"\nTo give the boss some credit, though he still failed to produce any semblance of a "Welcome!" he did manage to turn "Please, have mercy!" into something... Well, not quite as embarrassing, at least.\nNamely... "Uh!?"\nHe then proceeded to rush about like a headless chicken, gathering up nearly all the scripts in the store. He brought them everything from their most popular script, "Era of the Bronze Oath," to their most complex story, "Chronicle of the Spiral Ring," to the irreplaceable classic, "Valley of the Gray Wolf: 3rd Edition: 2nd Expansion"...\nAfter this somewhat unorthodox "ice breaker," the Tabletop Troupe suddenly found it had a new regular: Clorinde. Following an initial period where they were likewise immobilized by astonishment, the other customers gradually mustered up the courage to invite her to play the latest scripts with them. Presented with such expectant invitations, she said yes to them all.\nThey were soon to find out that, regardless of which script they played, this "new player" invariably demonstrated an unparalleled aptitude for roleplaying. No matter how small, she never missed a single clue in the script, nor the chance to make the most of it, following up leads with precision so that the story would develop in the most natural way imaginable.\nOn top of this, everything that Clorinde did was always completely in line with all the rules. Many of those who have played with her have come away expressing sentiments along the lines of: "Miss Clorinde's so in control, it feels like she's a Game Master rather than another player like us!"\nHearing such things, Clorinde would only ever give a noncommittal smile in response. It's not like she could admit that the only reason she found it all so easy was that she'd been the Game Master for Navia's scripts all this time — and thanks to her friend's endless barrage of weird and wonderful ideas, had been thoroughly trained in the art of quick thinking — could she? It would be such a long, complicated thing to explain...\nBut after having enjoyed the experience of being just a regular player, Clorinde decided to take up the mantle as Game Master once more, if for no other reason than to save the Tabletop Troupe's own, entirely blameless Game Masters from being perpetually tormented by Navia's endlessly active imagination. And for the boss, the other customers, and even Navia herself... it turned out to be a critical success!\nAfter all, no one in the room could claim to understand the meaning of "impartiality" better than this Champion Duelist. No bribes could sway her when she was presiding over a script — not even cake, fries, or Bulle Fruit!\nIn the face of such temptations, she'd simply watch as the players racked their brains for a solution, then flip over the rulebook and reply: "We've still got plenty of time. Keep thinking."\nWhen yet another script reached its conclusion under Clorinde's masterful guidance, a certain young Gestionnaire turned to their companions, laughed, and said:\n"And to think, we all used to imagine that Miss Clorinde spent the entirety of her waking hours dealing with duel-related matters!"\nAs she tidied up the table, Clorinde stopped to think for a moment, then with a slight shake of her head, responded:\n"I don't tend to work evenings."\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nAs Clorinde sees it, there is no difference between the duties of a Champion Duelist and a Marechaussee Hunter.\nMarechaussee Hunters fought to defend the peace of Fontaine by hunting down monsters that ravaged the land. As representatives of Fontainian law and order, Champion Duelists punish criminals who attempt to exploit its loopholes and shortcomings for personal gain. Moreover, their existence not only gives those who wish to defend their honor the chance of a fair duel, but also an opportunity to speak for themselves.\nBut once the dust has settled and the wrongdoers have all been punished, what are those who fight for justice to do with the swords they took up in its name?\nPetronilla once told Clorinde the tale of a Marechaussee Hunter who became obsessed with exterminating monsters. When the day came that the land had been cleansed of their shadow, it didn't take long before he began to feel lost. After a life spent hunting monsters, what purpose did his life have now that their mortal enemy had been vanquished? After giving the matter much thought, he decided to carry on living as he had, severing his connections with the Marechaussee Hunters so that he might continue hunting down monsters alone... Petronilla did not say what became of him in the end, only the following:\n"When a sword has forsaken its scabbard, the most it can hope for is simply to rust away."\nThis seemed to confuse Clorinde, who was still a child at the time. Seeing this, Petronilla raised up the coffee spoon in her hand, then pointed it at a cube of sugar and asked:\n"Clorinde, can you tell me what this is? This is an important question, now. You'll get a glass of Bulle Fruit Juice if you can answer it correctly."\nClorinde blinked, then with a slight hint of uncertainty in her voice, answered: "It's... a sugar cube?"\n"So you are on the ball then... Remember your answer, Clorinde." replied the veteran Marechaussee Hunter. "When someone points at a sugar cube with a coffee spoon, they want you to focus on the sugar, not the spoon they're using to point at it."\n"The whole reason that the Marechaussee Hunters fight is to restore peace to everyone's lives. Of course, this 'everyone' includes themselves."\n"The sugar cube you're after is a happy, peaceful life. Fighting is merely the spoon you use to get it."\n"Remember what you're fighting for, and never let the means become the end."\n"Otherwise, you'll turn into the fool who sees only the spoon, not the sugar — and your coffee will forevermore taste unbearably bitter."\nAs dusk fell, the first lights began to illuminate the Court of Fontaine. People rushed to and fro across the city, scenes of mirth and merriment all over.\nClorinde sat there finishing off the last drops of her coffee, Café Lutece's latest creation. She'd been intrigued when she heard that the base was made from fresh, in-season fruit juice instead of the usual syrup they use to neutralize the taste.\nTomorrow's my day off, she thought to herself. I'll get a good night's sleep, then head out early to buy some flowers and fruit. I'm meeting Navia in the afternoon over at the Tabletop Troupe to play through their latest script.\nLooks like it's going to be a busy day...\nSpearing her last crumb of cake, the undefeated Champion Duelist popped it into her mouth, savored its exquisite texture, then stood up and left.\n"Marechaussee Hunter's Legacy":\n\nIf you're looking for the most characteristic element of Clorinde's outfit, look no further than the coat-tail cape that hangs down behind her.\nFor Clorinde, this cape is a "keepsake" in the truest sense.\nWhen she was but ten years old, the mentor who had trained and looked after her, Petronilla, left without saying goodbye. Even Mr. Callas, who always seemed to know everything, hadn't the slightest idea where the Marechaussee Hunter had gone. Not only did Clorinde turn the whole room inside out; she also went back to all the places where she had once trained to search for clues; but in the end, there was nothing that might indicate where her mentor had gone. In all her searching, the only thing she found was a long, slim, dark blue cape hanging in the closet.\nClorinde had never seen her mentor wear this cape before; she always wore a black one. Even if Clorinde had somehow managed to forget this, the Gardes who Petronilla had often run rings around — combined with all the wanted posters pasted on walls throughout the city — would have reminded her anyway.\n...But on the inside of the cape, you could clearly make out the unmistakable imprint of the Marechaussee Hunter's insignia. There was also a necklace with a dagger-shaped pendant that had her name carved into it — a belated birthday gift, it seemed.\nBut this cape and the insignia upon it... Were they really a parting gift, or just another one of her mentor's tests?\nClorinde couldn't tell, but she kept the items nonetheless.\nIf it was a test, then she'd do everything in her power to prepare for the final trial that awaited her.\nEven if the trial should span the rest of her life.\nVision:\n\nWithin the first five minutes, Clorinde had disarmed the examiner. At first, he simply looked like his patience was wearing thin; but now, all that was left was shock. It wasn't long after before she'd left the three other duelists, who had rushed down upon hearing the news, speechless in the dueling ring. The normally cold and cheerless courts were soon bustling with excitement, almost to the point of becoming unbearably loud. The "Duelist's Trial," which in theory was only supposed to last three rounds, was — thanks to the enthusiasm of the duelists — fast developing into a fully-fledged "King of the Hill" gauntlet. Clorinde had no objection to this, her only reply being expressed through the sword in her hand. From start to finish, there wasn't a single moment where it seemed to flag or lose its edge.\nFrom then on, all that Clorinde had to do was apply herself to learning the various rules and other ins and outs of being a Champion Duelist... whilst simultaneously taking part in all kinds of duels.\nThough Clorinde's reputation of being undefeatable soon became known by all, and many of her opponents would rather surrender immediately than face her, she still wasn't an official Champion Duelist.\n"Your swordsmanship may well be flawless, but be that as it may, fighting a duel isn't always so simple." said those veteran Champion Duelists. "You'll also need to undergo a special... or shall we say, less one-dimensional combat challenge to prove that you're up to the job."\nThough Clorinde didn't understand what this meant at the time, several days later, she was forced to take part in the first truly challenging fight of her life.\nHer opponent was a wealthy merchant who was known to her. This gentleman had been accused of employment abuses, not only arbitrarily cutting his laborers' wages, but completely ignoring their health. The divers he'd hired, being wracked with all sorts of unbearable illnesses, could stand it no longer — hence why they had teamed up to bring this merchant to the courts. And the verdict had already been pronounced: Guilty of exploitation, beyond a shadow of a doubt.\nBut the merchant demanded that the trial be settled by combat, insisting that the whole affair was an unprecedented slight toward his reputation:\n"Who else but I would be willing to hire these people?"\n"If I'm put away, they'll all starve to death! Kind, merciful souls, surely you do not wish to see this happen?"\n"Who among us is not afflicted by physical ailments? I myself, after spending so much time poring over accounts and other documents, have nearly lost my eyesight! I even bought them medicine, found them doctors... They just won't admit it!"\nWith countless articles containing these claims circulating throughout the Court of Fontaine, they soon became the talk of the town.\n"Hmm... He does make a good point..."\n"Although... Hmm. Could it be that they really weren't telling the truth?"\nOn the day of the duel, a vast crowd of citizens — some well-meaning, others simply curious — converged upon the dueling ring. When the wealthy merchant appeared, he waved to the stands as a sign to those in his pocket. Seeing this, they began to cry out:\n"This gentleman has been falsely accused! Let us not stand for such slander!"\nOthers muttered to those around them:\n"If you ask me, there's no way those people were telling the truth..."\nBeset on all sides by such shouts and murmurings, the ordinary citizens of the crowd began to waver, and like a landslide gaining momentum, before long they too had been infected by the mob mentality.\n"Surely we can't just stand here and watch as a good person is unfairly persecuted?"\nHearing what the audience was saying, the young Clorinde felt lost and confused, like she'd been plunged into the depths of the ocean. She hesitated, hand resting on the pommel of her sword, unsure whether she should draw it or not.\nHe's been tried, and the evidence was conclusive, she said to herself.\nBut everyone seems convinced that he is in the right.\nThe wealthy merchant had already drawn his sword, and was now walking towards her with a triumphant air.\n"You can hear them, Miss Clorinde. I am a virtuous, generous, and kind-hearted man, just as they say."\n"Without good people like me, the Court of Fontaine would cease to function."\nWhen the merchant raised up his sword, the gold ornamentation and the precious gems set upon its hilt gleamed brightly, bedazzling to behold. For a brief moment, Clorinde caught his gaze as it reflected off the shining body of this resplendent weapon.\nAll she saw there was pride, arrogance, and empty bravado.\nIn that moment, she knew that his sword-arm was no match for hers, nor could its wielder use it to persuade anyone. The sumptuous jewels with which it was encrusted were nothing more than a facade to hide his lies.\nIt was as if a stray dog had covered itself in branches and thorns in a vain attempt to disguise itself as a vicious beast — a pathetic sham indeed.\nWithin a split second, Clorinde had severed that magnificent sword in two, and when the sparks died out a moment later, it was clear to all that this fight was over. With this, the crowd was silenced.\n"Justice revealed the truth to me, and I witnessed it with my own eyes."\n"In this place, honor is proven by the sword alone."\nAs Clorinde raised her sword and spoke these words, the merchant simply stared back at her in disbelief, beholding his own horrified expression reflected upon the Vision which — having seemingly appeared out of nowhere — now hung by her collar.\n"Or did you never have the courage to fight for your honor in the first place?"\n~~clorinde ends here~~\nCollei:\nHistory:\nCollei was born sickly, so her worried parents brought her to a seer and begged him to save her. He explained the illness as being "touched by the deev" — supernatural creatures with negative properties — and claimed that had to give their daughter to him in order to save her. However, he was working with the Fatui Harbinger Il Dottore and instead of saving her, turned Collei into a test subject for their Archon Residue experiments.\nWhether the Fatui had let Collei go or if she had escaped herself is unknown, but she eventually found herself wandering alone. On account of her sickliness, she was treated poorly wherever she went; she was often abused by passing pedestrians, had stones thrown at, and pushed around. This fueled her hatred for people and gods, and a strong desire for vengeance.\nThe disease Collei is afflicted with is called Eleazar. Unique to Sumeru, this is a disorder that causes dark and hardened scales to form on the body. First symptoms are mild numbness on the affected areas of the skin, but as the disease progresses symptoms of general fatigue and peripheral paresthesia (abnormal sensation of the skin on the limbs) may occur. The final stage of this disease causes complete paralysis of the afflicted person, rendering them completely immobile. These symptoms hint that Eleazar might be a neurological disease. This condition is what causes Collei to be perceived as "clumsy" by other people, as it affects her ability to hold or carry objects, often dropping them to the ground. According to Tighnari, there is no cure for Eleazar, only preventive care may be provided to stop the disease from advancing to a more serious stage. In the days Collei spent with the Fatui, Dottore was able to keep the disease controlled by unknown methods.\nUpon the removal of Greater Lord Rukkhadevata's consciousness from Irminsul, Collei and the other Eleazar patients have recovered.\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\n"Helpful," "bright and sunny," "friendly and passionate"... Just ask around Gandharva Ville, and you'll hear this Trainee Forest Ranger praised to the skies in such terms.\nAs long as her body allows, no matter how busy school gets, Collei will never slack off when it comes to her forest patrol work, and is always willing to lend a warm helping hand to whoever is in trouble, regardless of what walk of life they are from.\nNevertheless, even as enthusiastic and positive as she is, there seems to be a past and things on her mind that she is not yet ready to reveal to others.\nIf in the woods where she often patrols, you should chance upon a tree hollow full of strange notes, or hear someone whispering nearby...\nNo matter what you witnessed or overheard, please kindly take a detour and consider it a silly prank — one played by an Aranara, perhaps.\nAfter all, there are some things that only a tree hollow can know — for now, anyway.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nIf words are the vehicles of wisdom, being literate is undoubtedly the starting point of the pursuit of knowledge. Collei, however, seems to have only barely reached the foot of the mountain of knowledge.\nWhen she first arrived in Gandharva Ville, even the outspoken Tighnari showed obvious hesitation, making repeated inquiries with the General Mahamatra if she had walked through the wrong door, since he had yet to make any plans to teach preschool level courses.\nStill, after several twists and turns, Collei did finally become a trainee. To facilitate her learning of words, Tighnari gathered a wide assortment of books and documents, in the hope that Collei would soon master enough words through extensive reading.\nApart from the literacy encyclopedias for children and the mandatory-reading academic papers that made her head swell, Collei can most often be found reading fairy tale picture books from Mondstadt.\nThe logic is simple: those books tend to have fewer words and more pictures. Even if you do not know the words, chances are that you can still guess their meaning by looking at the illustrations.\nHowever, reading only children's books hardly sufficed to keep up with her curriculum. Once she had picked up slightly more words, she immediately started to look for new extracurricular reading materials.\nAccording to some travelers who had passed through Avidya Forest, there was a type of book in Inazuma known as the "light novel," which was easier to read than academic papers, and with fewer illustrations than picture books. To Collei, that sounded like the exact type of book she needed.\nMore importantly, the plots of these "light novels" were often so incredibly riveting that as soon as they got a copy, many readers just had to finish reading it in one go, even if they had to stay up all night.\nThat definitely sounded tempting to Collei, since she had to force herself, more often than not, to stay awake long enough to finish her readings.\nOne day after her forest patrol, Collei excitedly ran back to her dormitory with the newest volume of "Onibudou." She was so ready to pull an all-nighter reading the light novel — and as it turned out, she indeed stayed awake that night.\n"My sealed power!" "The lonesome avenger!" "You'd be wise to stay away from me!" "I shall never witness the grace of the gods!"...\n—Covering her head with the quilt, Collei tossed and turned upon her mattress the entire night. Even as the dawn broke, she had not yet torn her mind away from these words.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nThere is a saying in Teyvat that has obscure origins and is often used by people who are feeling extremely ashamed or embarrassed:\n"I just wanted the tree to open up and swallow me."\nCollei was pacing in the woods while murmuring the sentence, which she had just learned from a book.\nBefore she returned to Sumeru, she had promised a dear friend that she would become an excellent doctor with exceptional medical skills so as to save people like her who were in constant agony, both physically and mentally.\nHowever, it takes only a passing passion to make a wish, and yet it requires years of painstaking training to realize it. In the examination that had just concluded, Collei had hit the barrier between reality and expectations once more.\n"Ugh... How am I supposed to tell Amber about this..."\nPlus, she would have to ask her master to write the letter for her. Things like doing poorly on the test and wanting to have someone to talk to were not things she could easily speak out in front of her master, either.\nIt just so happened that a tree hollow, roughly the size of a person, appeared along her patrol route, as if some god had overheard her mumblings.\n"Wait, wait... Talking to Aranara about my problems... I mean, I've read about it in the books, but they were children's books! I'm sure I've outgrown that... But now that there's no one around..."\nBefore she knew it, she was already crouching in said hollow.\nThe darkness turned into a solid fortress, isolating Collei from all kinds of pressure.\nCollei, being an introvert by nature, found it difficult to present herself impeccably. No matter how hard she strove to be as outgoing and sunny as Amber, she could never manage to ignore her weariness and loneliness.\nThus did Collei vent her distress to that hollow, emptying herself of all the negativity she had accumulated after getting back to Sumeru.\n"Did Collei go on patrol in that area again?"\nA few days later, Tighnari checked on Collei's recent forest patrol routes, which she had been taking all too frequently, before looking at her test papers, which featured remarkably higher scores. He could not help but think to himself:\n"Did she find a way to improve her grades in the forest? Well, that's not bad either way. Alright, I'll save that patrol route for her and leave her be for the time being. I'll have other Rangers take the other routes."\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nShould written tests be left out, Collei actually does well on her exams, especially when it comes to "surviving in the wilderness."\nThe jungles of Sumeru suffer no shortage of poisonous creatures and dangerous beasts, while unexpected emergencies lurk around every corner. Therefore, a competent Forest Ranger must be a thoroughly-prepared one.\nAnd Collei really exceeds in this regard. She may not be as literate as her peers, which hinders her performance in all the written tests. Yet, she is nothing if not practical and creative.\nWrapping thorny vines around her boots to increase traction, rubbing the toxic sap of poisonous mushrooms onto hunting traps to promote efficiency...\nSuch ideas have ensured that she can travel in and out of the jungle safely, successfully extracting those unfortunate enough to become lost in the woods, accidentally ingest poison, or get hit by a running beast.\nThose who have been rescued by Collei are, one and all, amazed by her unique but reliable survival skills — not to mention how they are all moved by her genuine kindness and enthusiasm.\nBe it surrounded by grave dangers, or lacking food and supplies, even if the rescued traveler turns hysterical, she embraces every circumstance with the warmth of the sun.\nShe cares little for scars, and hunger concerns her not. She just wants to offer help to whoever is in need.\nThe only thing about her that is considered unacceptable by many is the recipes she utilizes during times of crisis: as long as they can replenish her energy, she will even gladly swallow fireflies without hesitation — the crushed pits of Zaytun Peaches are even less of an obstacle.\nWhen people meet her, they simply cannot help but wonder about this young trainee's past.\n—What sort of experiences could make such a seemingly innocent girl see the wilderness as her home?\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nBefore returning to Sumeru, Collei had wandered for a long time.\nThe decisive difference between wandering and traveling, of course, lies in that the former bears no designated destination.\nHer wandering started from those charred ruins, or perhaps earlier, when she was afflicted with that disease, and it was long destined to be a never-ending nightmare extending into nothing but total darkness.\nMost of the companions with whom she had fled from the ruins either lost their way in the endless waves of sandstorms, or corroded to death by divine remains.\nSick and cursed, they had nowhere to stay, thus turning to uninhabited jungles and wildernesses.\nMother Nature is both merciful and cruel. She would never reject them because of their illness, nor would she offer whatever they need even if they cried out for it.\nAs more and more of her companions could walk no further, the lessons they left behind helped the rest become better at surviving in the most desperate situations.\nAnd when Collei's last companion could no longer continue, she learned yet another lesson: never to reach out to anyone again.\nAt that time, the two of them had their backs against the cliff, utterly exhausted. Yet, they could still hear the beast roaring from not too far off.\nPerhaps it was because of the narrow passage, if not for other reasons, but her only remaining companion bumped into her, sending her careening off the cliff.\nFortunately, Collei managed to grab a tiny twig in her panic, before stretching out her other hand and shouting for help.\nHowever, that companion merely glanced at her with a complicated look before escaping alone without hesitation.\nShe did not get far, the beast's howls outpacing her fleeing steps like a raging wind. The beast's pure predatory instinct caused it to overlook the shivering Collei, who was barely hanging onto the cliff.\nCollei quietly withdrew her hand and held on tightly to the branch that might break at any moment, until all the sounds above her head died down.\nThe roar of the beast and the screams of that companion had all disappeared.\nShe could not hate that companion. If she were in that person's shoes, she could not guarantee that she would have made a different choice.\nAt that moment, there was only one thought remaining in Collei's mind.\nBe it to offer help or to ask for it—\n"I will never reach out to anyone again."\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nCollei once again touched someone's hand during a certain year's Ludi Harpastum in Mondstadt.\nThe city was elaborately decorated with lights and lanterns. The streets were jam-packed with people. The sky was getting darker, and the stage was in full swing.\nA girl in flaming red just grabbed her hand, took her out of that cramped wooden box, and squeezed into the crowd.\nPeople gathered around, cheering and applauding the contestants who were playing hoops or with slingshots.\nCollei could not relate to them. No matter how well they could play these most childish games, what use were they in hunting game out in the wild?\nYet, the girl with her was extremely passionate about these little games. She would cheer and whoop at every victory, and hand out the prizes she won to the children.\nCollei was even more baffled. If not for the rewards, why would anyone participate in these activities? Was there really any fun in them?\nSo she sneaked to a corner and picked up a slingshot to try her hand at it — in the end, one of the more than ten shots she fired eventually hit the edge of the target.\n"Yay! I hit it!" Collei turned her head excitedly. "Hey! Did you see..."\nIt was only then that she realized that she had been there for quite a long time and the girl in red had already left.\nIn the days that followed, Collei had been practicing day in and day out. Gradually, she became more than familiar with the sounds of drawing a bowstring and throwing darts. She practiced for a long time, until she would seldom miss a shot out of ten.\nEvery time she pulled the bowstring back, Collei remembered the excitement of hitting the target for the first time on that night.\nAnd that when the girl grabbed her hand and ran towards the crowd, her palm was as warm as the sun.\nCuilein-Anbar:\n\nTo grow up is to best one's immature past self.\nCollei often helps the children in Gandharva Ville mend toys, and her Forest Rangers colleagues also occasionally ask her to help patch their clothes when they get torn up by branches.\nThat said, Collei was by no means born a seamstress. As a matter of fact, her first attempt at sewing was nothing short of a disaster.\nIt was when Collei was about to leave Mondstadt. Right before she left, she handed a piece of repaired old clothes to Lisa, hoping that she could return it to its original owner, Amber, on her behalf.\nThe piece was indeed repaired, but also covered in stitches so twisted that one could potentially mistake them for earthworms. In all likelihood, it was no longer possible for its owner to ever wear it out again.\nShe was afraid that Lisa would laugh at her or criticize her.\nTo her surprise, Lisa just gently took Collei's hands, hidden as they had been behind her back, and carefully bandaged the injuries.\nShe was not even slightly surprised by all the injuries, deep or shallow, on Collei's fingertips. She just casually commented, "Why, it almost looks as if someone's been bouncing Wolfhooks across their hands all night, as if they were balls."\n"Don't be this impatient with your studies in Sumeru, little Collei," Lisa said with a smile. "There's always a first time for everything, and learning to overcome the difficulties you encountered during that first time is where the meaning of growing up lies."\nCollei instantly blushed. She had not quite learned how to accept the kindness of others back then.\nBut she was just a child, and children grow up.\nThe desperate child would grow up and discover hope once again. A child who could not use a slingshot at all gradually learned how to aim.\nThat child who was once constantly injured by a needle has also slowly grown up to be an ingenious role model in the eyes of other children.\nIn Gandharva Ville, children gather around Collei, chittering with envy and excitement.\n"You're so skillful! What a pretty cat!" "Collei, does it have a name?"\nCollei, for once, felt so proud of herself. She held up the exquisite cat doll, all fine stitches and perfect needlework.\n"This is — Cuilein-Anbar!"\nVision:\n\nThe rain was pouring. A surge of rock, earth, and debris had blocked Collei's way back.\nCollei lit a bonfire by the cliff, trying to warm the shivering girl next to her.\nThis river valley would require a full day's journey from the woodlands that were the domain of her usual patrols. If she were here all by herself, it would not be entirely impossible to get back in this rain.\nBut now that she had a child with her, wracked by cold and hunger after being lost in the woods for a long time, she had to wait.\nThe girl looked pale, her forehead boiled, and she kept murmuring her mother's name.\nCollei still remembered the girl's mother, who had been anxiously and desperately seeking help in Gandharva Ville — she recalled the look on her face, the look of one who wished that she was in suffering instead of her daughter. Collei knew that look.\nThe family had been traveling with a caravan to cross the river valley. As they were camping and resting, her playful daughter had run off, straying into the deep forest. As soon as the caravan noticed that the child was missing, they tried their best searching for her, but it was all in vain.\nIn desperation, the mother had to return to Gandharva Ville to look for help.\nRecently, Tighnari had been attending meetings in the city with other Forest Rangers, and the situation before her was critical — Collei could not wait for any of them to return. Nor could she rely on the search and rescue dogs during such heavy rain.\nSo she immediately grabbed her pack, bow, and arrows, before diving into the forest alone.\nAt that moment, the occasional low growl against the sound of thunder and rain told her that there were beasts approaching.\nCollei could not help but recall some disturbing experiences from her past. Old memories came flooding back, the memories she least wanted to face.\nBut the rain would pass, and after receiving the news, Tighnari rushed over without taking any breaks.\nTraces of fighting could be found all the way along the cliff. Several beasts lay fallen in the distance, while Collei and the girl slept peacefully on each other's shoulders.\nTighnari's heart seized up in his chest. He was well aware that Collei was not capable of doing all this — unless she had wielded power that should not be unleashed.\nIt was like drinking poison to quench thirst, and it would surely aggravate Collei's condition. He must contact the General Mahamatra right away...\nTighnari's footsteps awakened Collei. She hurriedly gestured to ask her master to quiet down so as not to wake the girl next to her.\nTighnari checked upon her worriedly, "Collei... Did you..."\nCollei shook her head. She raised a hand and released the fist that had been clenched all night.\n"Master, I've become stronger! I won't let anyone's efforts go to waste — from now on, I'll protect everyone."\nIt was a Vision, silently glowing in her hand.\n~~collei ends here~~\nCyno:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nAs the leader of all Matra, General Mahamatra Cyno is well known to everyone in the Akademiya.\nHis duties are to arrest those who violate the Akademiya's rules and regulations, terminate illegal studies, and uphold discipline of the Akademiya. Nevertheless, researchers feel that this General Mahamatra does nothing but undermine academic progress and prohibit scientific research. Some even claim that he is "cutting off the path to knowledge" and can be seen as a dire threat to any researcher eager to seek knowledge...\nOver time, researchers have come to shrink away from Cyno in silence whenever they so much as see him, wanting to have nothing to do with him.\nBut the General Mahamatra is hardly bothered by such things.\nIf this exaggerated public image can really deter some researchers, that will in no way be an inconvenience for his work.\nPlus, in the words of that Forest Watcher friend of his,\n"The research conducted by most researchers is nowhere significant enough to result in a talk with a Matra."\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nWisdom can bring enlightenment to scholars, but can also lead to utter arrogance.\nIn the history of the Akademiya, many researchers have used their "wisdom" to commit crimes.\nFor example, in order to test the limit of the Specters' body inflation, one Amurta researcher adopted an illegal catalyst and created a mega-sized Specter, which later exploded during the experiment and leveled the entire research center. Then, there was a researcher from Spantamad who had aimed to test a Ruin Guard's ability to cultivate fields, but lost control of the modified machine, resulting in the ruin of many farmlands and grave injuries for several farmers. There have also been numerous criminal cases concerning academic fraud and the abuse of intelligence for personal gain...\nSuch researchers, who do not abide by the law and pose dangers to others, will all be pursued and judged by the Matra led by Cyno.\nWhen they stand before the Matra, these researchers will almost always spare no effort to justify themselves. Their reasons have included but are not limited to suddenly cut funds, the Akademiya's favoritism towards other researchers, the results of their work being stolen... Some may even accuse the Matra of stopping them from completing their research out of jealousy of their talents.\nCyno's response to such sophistry is always to stay silent and press forward in subduing all those garrulous criminals and sending them to trial.\nThose who violate the rules can always come up with a million excuses. However, only one ending awaits them.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nThe name of the General Mahamatra has traveled well beyond the Akademiya's walls.\nAccording to a Forest Watcher in the Avidya Forest, he once caught a glimpse of this General Mahamatra quietly traveling through the woods in the middle of the night. A person living on the outskirts of Apam Woods can still clearly remember how a white-haired teenager asked them for a bowl of water, before venturing deep into the forest alone with just a traveling pack on his back. Adventurers resting in Sobek Oasis claim to have given directions to Cyno, though the area he was heading to had been packed with monsters. Even the proudest mercenaries and Treasure Hoarders in the Great Red Sand dare not make things difficult for the General Mahamatra, having learned this lesson well from the example of a mercenary group that was annihilated in the desert for sheltering wanted researchers.\nHowever, for those criminals who have fallen into the hands of Cyno, their reverence for the General Mahamatra usually comes from another aspect of his character.\nWhen escaping from the Akademiya, criminals tend to flee in an extreme panic, and can sometimes stray into perilous places. Yet, instead of letting them suffer the consequences, Cyno will come to their rescue without hesitation, just so that he can bring them back to the Akademiya to face their proper punishment.\nOnce, a criminal who had crossed the Great Red Sand with Cyno asked him about the point of doing all this. Cyno replied,\n"Only the law can judge you, and my role here is to bring you to face the scales."\nAfter being released from prison, the researcher, who had been a Vahumana graduate, turned their adventures returning to the Akademiya into a novel titled "The Goon," which remains a bestseller in the Akademiya. The researcher was even invited by Vahumana to give a lecture, during which they went into great detail about the portrayal of "justice" in the book.\nIf you ask Cyno, however, he would say that certain parts of the book were heavily exaggerated. In truth, they did not encounter any monsters created by the descendants of King Deshret, nor did they stray into a living labyrinth at the bottom of the desert or survive a sandstorm in the folds of a humongous sandworm.\nNevertheless, Cyno did appreciate the candidness with which the author described their own crimes, and would like to remind them to not commit such crimes ever again.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nIn the Akademiya, the mere mention of the Matra's office can make any researcher's heart seize up.\nApart from the renowned "evil deeds" of the Matra, what disturbs them even more is how creepy, dry laughter can be heard from the office whenever Cyno walks in...\nResearchers firmly believe that this must be the Matra's way of expressing smug satisfaction at the sight of Cyno passing judgment on some hapless researcher.\nBut only the Matra know that the laughter is a response to Cyno's unique sense of humor.\n"I once worked on a case where the researcher involved was under great pressure because his paper had been rejected multiple times at the review stage. He eventually rammed it through by successfully bribing the members of his review committee. However, the data in that paper was so wrong that it didn't even take long to be exposed as academic fraud. When I went to arrest this researcher, he asked me 'what have I done wrong?'..."\nAfter a pause, Cyno continued,\n"I answered, 'Your paper.'"\nSeeing the Matra all sit there in silence, Cyno seemed to be worried that they did not get the joke, so he went on to explain it with a serious expression,\n"You see, the interesting part of this story lies in how, when he asked me what he had done wrong, he expected me to say that his fault lay with his bribing of the committee due to academic pressure, yet I told him that his error was in not reaching the correct conclusions in his paper. The clever part about this joke is that I changed the subject that was being discussed..."\nAfter he finished explaining, the Matra all exchanged looks before letting out a few dry, strangled laughs in concert...\nThe awkward laughter lent a strange sense of human warmth then to the often somber and solemn Matra office.\nHowever, to prevent such an awkward situation from ever happening again, the Matra gradually came to a consensus that after Cyno finishes telling a joke, everyone in the room must force out a laugh or two in response so that he will not start explaining it.\nOn the other hand, any Matra who attempts to imitate Cyno's style will be harshly punished by the others through extreme means such as confiscating their canteen meal tickets.\nAfter all, one Cyno is enough for the whole division.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nCyno has always believed that the Matra are not the enemies of those who seek knowledge.\nCyrus, a scholar who tutored Cyno before, once told him that without the Akademiya's laws, "wisdom" will soon turn into "calamity."\nThese floating scraps of out-of-control "wisdom" are like bait on a sea of ignorance, luring innocent knowledge seekers into the abyss.\nThey will make researchers far too arrogant and reckless, to the point where they may even attempt to tamper with life and death due to their lack of respect for human life. Eventually, they shall cause irreparable damage to the world.\nThe sages keep introducing new rules and regulations precisely to ensure that the knowledge seekers of the Akademiya will not be misled and go astray because of such bait.\nThe Matra who hunt down those who violate the law and judge them according to those same laws are in fact the "guardians" of all those who seek knowledge in the Akademiya.\nHowever, in the eyes of researchers, they are but a bunch of "demolishers" who constantly, violently cut off their paths to knowledge.\n"Dumb humanoid Fungi," "Mr. You-Can't-Do-This," "Paper Shredders"... These are all nicknames they have come up with for the Matra.\nAmong them, the most notorious one is "the Akademiya's Sumpter Beasts," a name coined by a Haravatat researcher.\nWhen they first heard of this nickname, most of the Matra were rather enraged, reckoning that the researchers thought too little of their hard work.\nOn the contrary, Cyno noted that he actually fancied it quite a bit.\n"We Matra are indeed Sumpter Beasts who walk the Akademiya's halls, carrying the rules and regulations on our backs."\n"When exercising our rights, each of us must always keep that weight in mind."\nAfter pondering the matter for a while, this General Mahamatra added,\n"Plus, we could stand to be more like Sumpter Beasts in avoiding pointless arguments and focusing on, ahem, getting to our desired destination."\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nWhen the Akademiya was first established, its researchers wielded their boundless imagination and innovation to the fullest with the abundant resources available at their beck and call.\nThey had reshaped terrain, controlled the weather, recreated ancient relics... But when the knowledge of the earth could no longer satisfy their insatiable curiosity, some researchers turned their focus to the starry skies, whereas some others attempted to tamper with life and death.\nHowever, these kinds of knowledge were not things they should or could have touched upon.\nTo prevent researchers from being devastated by their own knowledge, the sages laid out six cardinal sins.\nThey held that all the crimes in this world derive from these six sins.\nThe first is to interfere with human evolution;\nThe second is to tamper with life and death;\nThe third is to delve beyond the universe;\nThe fourth is to investigate the origin of words;\nThe fifth is to revere gods without acts of devotion;\nThe sixth is to attempt the forbidden and fear none.\nSince then, the sages have been introducing new rules and regulations according to these six deadly sins while amending and revising old ones. The Matra enforce the laws, and the researchers perform their roles accordingly as well.\nIn this way, everything in the Akademiya functions in a desirable manner, and the Akademiya and its researchers have been marching forward with thriving clarity of wisdom ever since.\nAs time has passed, the six ancient sins seem to have been forgotten by most, and ambitious people have been on the move since...\nHowever, for Cyno, the current General Mahamatra, what he ought to do has not changed.\nHe will, according to the six ancient deadly sins, justly judge all the lawbreakers.\nEven sages shall not be exempt.\nCyno's Genius Invokation TCG Deck Box:\n\nThis deck box, which contains Cyno's Genius Invokation TCG deck, is his favorite physical possession.\nThe exterior of this deck box is wrapped with multiple layers of high-quality leather, and every seam has been carefully handled. As long as the rope fixed on the leather remains tightly tied, the entire deck box will be completely sealed, and not even a drop of water can get through. The interior is padded with silk, which can minimize the bending of card corners. According to the shop owner, the silk used was all imported from Liyue and made from top-quality Silk Flowers. This deck box even comes with a tough leather strap, so the buyer can easily affix the box to any part of their body. The surface of the deck box is even engraved with the Genius Invokation TCG emblem and the name of one who purchased it.\nCyno has put his strongest deck in this box. He believes that as long as he gets to duel with this deck, he will be nothing short of invincible.\nOf course, the next thing to do is to find a couple players who are willing to play against him.\nHmm... Would that Forest Watcher be available at the moment?\nVision:\n\nWhen it comes to how Cyno got his Vision, many versions of the story can be found circulating in the Akademiya.\nSome say that he was once instructed to arrest a researcher who had been studying methods of making counterfeit Visions. The researcher had previously bought a masterless Vision for research, which then became Cyno's Vision. Some believe that Cyno is actually a descendant of King Deshret. They say that he grew up in a temple located in the Great Red Sand and was raised by a nameless Hermanubis priest who cultivated Cyno's will and strength before, when he was ready, bestowing upon him a Vision and requiring him to cross the desert all by himself to arrive at the Akademiya and enact Hermanubis' will. Of course, according to some conspiracy theories, Cyno's Vision is closely connected with certain forbidden technologies hidden within the Akademiya. Otherwise, how could this member of the desert ilk earn a spot in the Akademiya?\nNo one dares to check any of the stories' authenticity with Cyno in person, and Cyno himself cannot be bothered to waste energy on these ridiculous rumors.\nThe truth is that the way he obtained his Vision was rather simple.\nIt was the day before he was about to become the new General Mahamatra. As per usual, after finishing his work as a Matra, Cyno went to the library to read books relating to the Akademiya's rules and regulations. He can still well remember that the book he was reading that day mainly talked about the six cardinal sins that the sages had decided on, which they held to be the origins of all crimes and thus served as the foundation for all the modern rules and regulations of the Akademiya. While he was reading the chapter on the sin of divulging secrets without a hint of fear, he failed to fathom some chunks of the content depicted in the book, so he closed his eyes and ruminated. The moment he opened his eyes, the first thing he saw was a Vision, laid nicely on the page.\nCyno looked at the Vision and fell into contemplation. He first confirmed that there was no existing rule that prohibited someone from being granted a Vision. Then he went over several academic cases with Visions involved and ensured that this Vision was not some malicious trap. He went on to ponder the challenges he might encounter after becoming the General Mahamatra and how this Vision might help in these future trials... After carefully weighing up the pros and cons, Cyno finally accepted this gift from the gods earnestly.\nBy then, the morning light was already shining through the windows. Cyno left the library with the Vision and his as-yet-unfinished read in hand before heading over to the location where he was to be inaugurated as the General Mahamatra.\nIf all went well, in half an hour, he would become the Akademiya's new General Mahamatra.\nHe was about to be entrusted with the sacred power to judge those who had erred, and this Vision would ensure that this sacred privilege could be exercised as intended.\n~~cyno ends here~~\n