Dahlia:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nIn this city blessed by freedom, people choose to follow many different paths — from those who seek peace and leisure, to those who yearn for the thrill of adventure. As for Dahlia, well, he's the kind of person whose morning prayers are filled with entreaties for trouble to come his way.\nDeacon of the Church of Favonius and leader of the church's choir, he is a man blessed by the gods who is said to hear the will of the divine. When the people face hardships and seek guidance from on high, it is Dahlia who leads their morning prayers, beseeching Barbatos for answers on their behalf. More often than not, his appeals do not go unanswered.\nMany a curious mind has speculated as to why Dahlia was blessed with divine favor. Some say it's due to his noble character and willingness to help those in need. Others claim that it's because of his singing — a sound as sweet and intoxicating as Dandelion Wine. While a third theory postulates that he has perfected some esoteric form of divination that allows him to predict the future...\nIf anyone were inclined to ask Dahlia himself, he would wink and flash a mischievous grin. "Perhaps it's because I enjoy meddling in others' affairs that the gods allow me to help them with their troubles."\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nBefore becoming a deacon, Dahlia had long pursued a life of excitement and delight.\nLike a keen-nosed detective, he would scour the streets of Mondstadt and the surrounding countryside, sniffing out the latest news. Wherever there was a thorny issue to be solved or someone in distress, he was always among the first to know and would rush to the scene to get involved.\nWhen people would praise his kind-heartedness, he would smile at their warm words. Unbeknownst to them, he was mostly just thrilled to be in the thick of the action — people's problems getting solved was merely a happy coincidence.\nHowever, Mondstadt was enjoying a long period of peace, and the everyday troubles of its citizens were insufficient to satisfy Dahlia's appetite for excitement — curbside quarrels, drinking debts, and absconded animals were far too nondescript for his tastes.\nAnd whenever something truly thrilling would arise, the elite Knights of Favonius were always on hand to swiftly restore mundane order.\nThus, after returning his 19th lost cat and clearing his 30th Slime-induced key road blockage of the year, it occurred to Dahlia that he needed to inject some real turbulence into his life.\nWhen he felt the winds begin to blow, he picked a single dandelion and held it in the palm of his hand, praying to Barbatos that something new and exciting might happen to him.\nThe dandelion seeds spiraled into the air and were carried on the wind to the plaza before the great Church of Favonius, coming to rest on the outstretched fingers of the Anemo Archon's statue.\nIn the plaza, a bard was playing a chelys, a child was feeding the pigeons, and the denizens of Mondstadt were praying before the Archon's statue.\nYet Dahlia could sense something was off amid this idyllic scene — that keen nose of his had detected the slightest whiff of trouble.\nThere were two sisters nearby talking in hushed and solemn voices. Dahlia sidled up beside them and managed to just about catch the words "missing" and "urgent."\nIn line with his standard approach to "meddling," he politely approached the two sisters and inquired if they needed his help.\nThey glanced at each other uncertainly, not sure whether they should involve a layperson in their current quandary.\nDahlia patted his chest reassuringly, announcing himself as a devout believer in the church and stating that there would be no greater honor than to help.\nMoved by his impassioned words, the sisters ultimately explained the situation — one of their fellow sisters had been missing for several days, leaving the work she had been tasked with undone.\nAnd so it was that Dahlia came to undertake this sister's work "for the benefit of the people of Mondstadt."\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nThe "work" the sisters had tasked him with consisted of replying to letters from the congregation in the name of the church. The clergy would usually take it in turns to complete this task, but though it was now Sister Rosaria's turn, she had left the city on an investigation and had not been heard from in days. As such, the letters were piling up.\nDahlia took a deep breath and set about opening letters as though he were unwrapping candy.\nLike a snowdrift in a blizzard, the letters piled high around him. All the troubles that people felt unable to share with their neighbors and friends were laid bare before him on white paper snowflakes.\nDahlia read each one carefully. Fortunately, most of these troubles were well within his power to solve.\nA young maid confessed that she had fallen for someone beyond her reach and was uncertain whether to pursue things further. Dahlia wrote in his reply: The most beautiful emotions are often those we leave obscured, yet a brave decision can sometimes bring joyful rewards. Both are fine choices, so perhaps you should let your heart decide?\nA merchant complained that their business was going nowhere, and they could not give their family the life they deserved. Dahlia wrote in his reply: A modest return is always better than a loss. Remain patient and be on the lookout for new opportunities. Perhaps in time, your fortunes will change.\nA scholar questioned the history of Old Mondstadt. Dahlia cited records from authoritative texts and gently reminded the scholar that perhaps only Barbatos himself could help one learn the truth of the past.\n...\nOn the morning of the third day, Dahlia was still furiously scribbling at his desk when his door was gently pushed ajar to admit a tired-looking sister. There were stains on her clothes that might have been mud but could well have been blood.\n"You must be the sister who's been missing these past few days... It looks like the work you've been doing was far from easy."\n"Thank you for your help, stranger. Victoria appreciates your kindness. She's hoping to persuade you to stay here and work with us." Rosaria began relaying the things she'd heard upon her return to the church.\nAs far as Dahlia was concerned, helping the church and working for the church were two completely different things. The latter involved far more than simply assisting the congregation in solving their problems — it required spending a significant amount of time on monotonous prayer and ceremony. For Dahlia, dull repetition was the greatest enemy of all.\nHe shot up from his chair, hurriedly declaring, "I seek no payment but the joy of helping others! Anyway... now that you're back, my work here is done!"\nRosaria made no move to stop him from leaving. She simply looked on as he fled the scene like a sudden gust of wind.\nUpon reading through the pile of responses left sitting on her desk, she instantly regretted allowing him to leave without first learning his address.\nShe made a note to find out where he lived before the next time she was tasked with penning replies to the people's letters...\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nDahlia's friends tend to be pretty good at holding their drink — none more so than Venti.\nThe first time they met, Venti was drinking alone in a tavern, a bewildering array of empty bottles laid out before him.\nTaking note of his bardic attire, Dahlia had assumed he was a frustrated artist, trying to drown his sorrows in wine. As such, he decided to accompany the singer for a round or three.\nHe gently probed, hoping to tactfully uncover the source of the bard's troubles. Was he suffering from writer's block? Had his latest work received negative reviews? Were his performances not bringing in enough money?\nIn the end, after downing his 28th cup of apple cider, the bard joyfully shared his reason for drinking:\nThe fruit harvest that year had been a good one, and the wine it produced tasted exceptionally sweet. The bard explained how once he had got going, he had found it difficult to stop until the room was spinning and his eyes glazed over.\n...It appeared he was simply a connoisseur of fine wine.\nSo Dahlia paid for the remaining drinks and ordered round after round, until the two of them were not only satisfied and sated, but had become the firmest of friends.\nAnd so, when Dahlia arranged to meet Venti atop the city walls to share his adventures of the past few days, he made sure to bring libations.\nVenti was curious to know why he had fled. When common folk encountered trouble in their lives, they would often seek the Church's aid. Surely, that was exactly the role Dahlia wanted?\nHe thought back to his childhood, when his mother would take him along to morning prayers. He had always found these occasions too solemn and gloomy. He would think up ways to slip away or doodle absentmindedly on the pews. If he were to join the ranks of the clergy, these rituals were certain to become a regular part of his routine.\nNot to mention, the thought of all those weighty tomes filled with scripture made him dizzy.\nVenti gave a laugh and then asked again — if there was a way to make the rituals more interesting, would he consider it then? For instance, what if he were to help transmit the Anemo Archon's guidance to his flock?\nWell, there was no way Dahlia was going to turn down an opportunity like that.\nAnd thus, that night, it came to pass that Dahlia became the guardian of a scarcely believable secret, while Barbatos, in turn, gained a most trustworthy herald.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nBefore the sisters had time to lament his departure, Dahlia had returned to the Church of Favonius. This time, he claimed to be an oracle, bearing the words of Barbatos himself — words which required their help to pass on to the people.\nThose present were understandably unsure. There had been many cases of charlatans abusing the Archon's name to defraud the common folk, but seldom had anyone attempted to hoodwink the clergy themselves.\nAlthough, as Dahlia had a reputation for finding joy in helping others, the sisters were divided — some supported helping him while others remained unconvinced.\nThose who were opposed believed that should this "oracle" prove false, it would damage the reputation of the church. While those who were in favor felt that oracular proclamations were nothing more than suggestions — should the things they predicted not come to pass, it would be of little significance to the common folk. However, should true prophecies be ignored, great harm could potentially be done.\nAfter everyone had carefully weighed the benefits and risks, those who supported helping the "oracle" spread his word found themselves in the ascendancy.\nTherefore, Victoria noted down Dahlia's enlightened words and proclaimed them to the faithful at morning prayers. After a few days, all of his predictions were proven true — timely rains fell for several straight days after Dahlia's call to plant seeds was followed, while a ferocious storm arose on the day he had called for none to take their boats out to sea, and on the day when he decreed the hunters should hunt, their captured prey was doubled...\nDuring this time, rumors of a "youth blessed by gods" spread like wildfire throughout the church and the wider world.\nThe result was that the church formally offered Dahlia the position of deacon — a position he readily accepted.\nOn the first day that Dahlia conducted morning prayers, the Cathedral was packed to the rafters with common folk who had heard tell of his abilities. They enthusiastically told him their problems, hoping that they might receive divine guidance.\nEven the longest-serving sisters had never witnessed such scenes. Previously, the only way to attract so many people to the Cathedral would have been to let Barbara hold a concert there.\n"Please remain calm and await your turn."\n"Our time is limited. I shall try to focus on the most important questions."\nDahlia answered the people's questions in an orderly manner before publicly announcing the date of his next time leading morning prayers.\nThanks to Barbatos's blessings, morning prayers were no longer the solemn and stuffy occasion they had once been, and there was now one more reason for people to come to church.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nOnce, when out searching for a certain member of the choir who had failed to turn up for hymn practice, Dahlia came across a young man lying unconscious near Dragonspine.\nThe youth's clothes were torn, and his body was covered in wounds. As he didn't appear to be local, Dahlia temporarily abandoned his search and took the young man back to the church to rest and recuperate.\nA fortnight passed, and the youth made a full recovery. Hoping to repay Dahlia for his kindness, he asked about, seeking to discover what recompense might be most appreciated.\nShortly after, Dahlia received a valuable gift along with an official-looking letter.\nIt turned out the youth was a researcher from Sumeru investigating flora and fauna in other parts of Teyvat. Due to the regions he was researching being mostly uninhabited forests, mountains, and bodies of water, he would regularly encounter dangerous situations. His original companions were injured one by one, until only he was left.\nAfter hearing about Dahlia's deeds, it occurred to the researcher that such adventures might be of some interest to him, and so he invited him to come along.\nUpon reading the researcher's earnest letter, Dahlia fell into deep contemplation.\nOne of his favorite pastimes was reading popular adventure novels. The protagonists would all start out with ordinary, mundane lives before setting off on wondrous adventures following some unexpected opportunity.\nHe himself had dreamed of taking off toward a distant land and searching for even greater troubles to get involved in, stumbling from one dire situation to the next, all while engineering miraculous escapes.\nAnd now, this invitation in front of him might truly have been just such an "opportunity for adventure." He could imagine all the wonderful surprises that might await him on his journey.\nDahlia considered the researcher's offer for a full day and even thanked him personally before turning it down.\nHe had many reasons to refuse the offer, such as his duties with the choir, who might fall apart without his leadership.\nOr the friends he had in Mondstadt and those lost souls who sought divine guidance.\nHe wished to prioritize the problems that were already before him and enjoy the pleasures of his present position to the fullest.\nThe wind blowing atop the city walls, the bubbles rising in the finest Dandelion Wine, the cheerful laughter of the people... The day he might finally set foot on soil untouched by the whistling breeze, these things would surely become his most cherished memories.\nChoirbook:\n\nDahlia's book of hymns. Most of the songs contained within are odes of praise to the Anemo Archon that have been passed down for generations. However, a handwritten score has been inserted beneath the final page.\nThis recent edition is not an established official hymn, nor has it ever been performed by the choir as part of a public performance.\nIts origins lie in a chance encounter — and more than a little wine. On that fateful day, Dahlia was drinking with his friends, so lost in conversation that they hardly noticed the sun setting and the stars now shining in their place.\nOne of his companions was curious to know how he could still drink through the evening hours now that he was an ordained deacon in the church.\nDahlia gave a mirthful smile. "It is through the Anemo Archon's blessing that this land produces such fine wine. Is enjoying the fruits that Barbatos has provided not itself a form of praise?"\nAll those present raised their cups and shared a toast to Barbatos. Venti, who was also there and playing a tune, felt a sudden wave of inspiration and began to perform an "Ode to Fine Wine."\nOnce the final chords had faded, he wrote the music down and declared it a gift for the leader of the choir.\nDahlia was naturally ecstatic to accept such a gift. The hymns he was used to performing were from a bygone era, and all followed the same stale style — to his mind, it was about time the choir's repertoire was brought up to date. As soon as he got back, he planned to add this new song to the program.\nUnfortunately, many of the sisters did not share his modernizing views. As Victoria put it, only an appearance from Barbatos himself would sway her mind.\nDahlia could see it was a lost cause and quietly put the idea aside.\nUntil that year's Weinlesefest, that is, where Dahlia personally performed the ode — accompanied by Venti, of course — across multiple days of the festival.\nAnd so it was that the hymn became popular throughout the city. Indeed, no matter which street you walked along back then, you could always hear its refrains carried on the wind from somewhere nearby.\nVision:\n\nDeacon Dahlia's name blew through the streets of Mondstadt like the lilting notes of a hymn. Even the cats, sunning themselves on the roofs and pavements, would meow in response to hearing it.\nThose he had helped would smile and say, "Oh, I remember that Dahlia!" While those who had once been the object of his snooping interventions would turn up their noses and snort:\n"How did that nosy so-and-so manage to climb so high, anyway? Come on, it's our turn to make some sport of him!"\nThe shuffling sounds of massing feet were swallowed in the cavernous hall of the Cathedral. The only sound that could be heard beneath the dappled light from the stained glass windows was Dahlia's voice. His words were clear and simple, yet conveyed a sense of gravity...\n"That's not right..." A voice cried out, finally seizing the chance to challenge him. "Where in the scripture does it say that? I can find no such words!"\nThose nearby turned their irate gazes upon this unwelcome speaker, and a well-minded stranger attempted to explain:\n"Barbatos is the god of freedom, his words are not constrained by scripture..."\nDahlia calmly cleared his throat, his composure unwavering, a flicker of excitement dancing across his brow:\n"No one can seize the wind that does not wish to dally. Yet now that this wind would grasp our hands, some stubbornly seek to trap it in the pages of a book."\nThis was simply an interlude, and as the speaker had not achieved their goal of humiliating Dahlia, they had no choice but to turn and walk unhappily away — in full view of everyone.\nYet when Dahlia returned home, he retrieved his book of scripture — as thick and heavy as a slab of rock — gently blew the dust off its covers, and began to read it word by word, until he knew its contents by heart.\nNo one had required him to do so, and Dahlia had never feared if others should question him.\nWhether people believed him or not, he was Barbatos's herald. And because he was Barbatos's herald, he knew that the Anemo Archon was not some solemn deity who would leave behind sermons and commandments. This so-called scripture was, at its heart, a book of Mondstadt's history, of praise for the Anemo Archon, of gratitude for plenty, and of hopes for freedom — it had little to do with Barbatos himself.\nBut Dahlia understood that he was no longer the common, excitable citizen of Mondstadt that he had once been. He was a deacon of the Church of Favonius. His every word and every action was a representation of the church and of Barbatos. It would not be hard for him to give out the same quick, impromptu responses he had always done, but was that what the church and its followers truly needed?\nA few days later, when Dahlia was once again holding morning prayers, the congregation noticed something different in his bearing. His movements were solemn, his speech notably full of purpose. His words now flowed like the finest poetry as the warm light from the stained glass windows reflected in his eyes...\nBy the time he had finished, even Victoria couldn't help but ask if Barbatos himself hadn't stopped by to give him some inspirational pointers.\nHe lifted his head, thinking of the Vision he had found lying like a bookmark on his tome of scriptures, and which he had now affixed to his robes.\n"Perhaps fate smiles on those who are most diligent?" He gave Victoria a wink and flashed her a cryptic smile.\nWhat he left unsaid is that he had already changed for the benefit of others. He now desired to use his power to guide the world along a brighter path.\n~~dahlia ends here~~\nDehya:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nThe term "Eremites" does not reference a specific group or organization, but all those who are born of the desert and ply a trade using their martial prowess, operating as mercenaries.\nFrail is humanity in such a desolate profession. To survive, those who walk the path of a mercenary will naturally come together, forming loose bands of mercenaries.\nThough the Eremites are many, few among them will be remembered as legends, with most bound to be as evanescent as sand in the wind. Yet there are exceptions who, like Dehya, may linger in the annals of history.\nThe "Flame-Mane" Dehya is fierce and brave, the lion her moniker invokes an analogy for her might. The nickname itself, meanwhile, denotes her passionate nature.\nShould you be planning to hire a mercenary to serve as a bodyguard, Dehya stands as a prime choice. Procuring her service runs an expensive premium, but her abilities make that a worthy expenditure indeed.\nCompared to those overconfident fools hawking their talents as hired blades on the street and novices capable of little more than brute force, Dehya is a conscientious professional.\nWith all this said, those who wish to procure her services should make haste, for there is a long line of other potential clients that have need of the Flame-Mane, and the opportunity, just as grains in the desert, will slip away before long.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nAll desertfolk, including Dehya, learn to master and comprehend the sands.\nHere, where the blue of the sky is boundless, where the gold-paved waves of the sands bleed into the cleft of the horizon, it is easy to feel how small one truly is.\nEven those familiar with the sights and scenes of the desert can be intermittently shaken by the forces wielded by nature, and find themselves yearning to profess their supplication upon the sands where they were born.\nThe feeble and meek fear this land, and only those strong of spirit can find themselves drifting free upon this golden ocean.\nAmongst the desertfolk, the bravest, most inured to the cruelties of their existence amidst the flowing sands are the mercenaries — The Eremites.\nSuch a life is one with little comfort or ease, so what a mercenary truly desires are those who can support them, with such covenant-kin being the equal of blood relatives.\nIn her youth, Dehya's family consisted of her father and his mercenaries.\nAs she grew to independence, her new family was the "Blazing Beasts," fellow mercenaries she could trust and count on.\nAfter battling together for a time, a tacit understanding forms between individuals, with entire thoughts conveyed with but a movement, a gaze.\nLater, as she temporarily bid the desert farewell to commit to a commission in the rainforest, she often found herself reminiscing about the moments she spent with her companions, singing by the fireside.\nShe can rise as high as the sky or stray as far as the sea, but Dehya was and will always be a daughter of the sands.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nBefore one makes any individual comparisons, broadly speaking, females are slightly edged out by males in raw physicality.\nDehya, likewise, was not born with immense might. Even so, the other mercenaries have a great many reasons to hold her in high regard.\nFirstly, though she is not the strongest in her profession, she has force enough all the same.\nShould one doubt this, they merely need to test the weight of her blade. To make such a greatsword dance and flow without sufficient strength would be impossible otherwise.\nSecondly, she has tremendous combat instincts. It is known that the greatsword, Dehya's weapon of choice, demands a trade-off between force and speed. Should such a weapon fail to achieve a decisive first strike against a sufficiently mobile foe, it will prove more burden than a boon for the wielder. In moments like these, Dehya uses her superior insight and technique to overcome the opposition.\nSometimes, she will cast her weapon aside, eschewing the edge of a sword for the weight behind her fists. She will even hurl her weapon at foes without warning to buy a fleeting opportunity. How any such moment plays out all depends on the actual conditions presented by each battle.\nAside being good in a fight, she also knows plenty about surviving in the desert.\nThe commissions that the Eremites most often take will have them serving as bodyguards against raiders without outside support, herding away dangerous creatures, and assisting their clients in avoiding dreaded weather conditions.\nSometimes, they even find assignments that have them acting as guides, helping caravans, adventurers, and researchers reach their desired destinations.\nDehya knows how to deal with startled scorpion swarms, how to circle around vultures to avoid getting entangled with those nimble annoyances, and how to negotiate and minimize danger when faced with robbers.\nClients like it when matters are handled thoroughly and practically. To earn true praise from their employers, mercenaries must offer more than just brute capacity for violence.\nIndeed, the ability to overcome one hundred or even a thousand foes has its limits, for when sandstorms scour the earth and sky, even the mightiest warrior will be buried beneath its shroud.\nA wise mercenary knows when to retreat, and how to preserve themselves even while meeting their objectives, for doing so exemplifies the true heights of strategy.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nAs Dehya's reputation gradually grew amongst the Eremites, those of her band grew proud of the fame she was earning and, during a day when everyone happened to be present, the rowdiest of her companions stated their desire to grant her a nickname worth remembering.\nEveryone agreed that they would announce Dehya with the new nickname whenever she won future battles, so it needed to be something spectacular — capable of spreading goosebumps through people like a skin-raising plague.\nThe youngest members gave their all trying to come up with something. They chittered and clamored, trying to give Dehya a vicious moniker capable of instilling debilitating terror in potential clients, usually beginning with "bloody" or "terror."\nDehya was not such an amateur as to think that a title alone might encapsulate the entirety of what others felt about her. But still, as if everyone wanted to kill some time on this matter, she didn't mind.\nAs she listened to bad suggestion after terrible suggestion, she couldn't help but guffaw with laughter. The atmosphere reminded her of moments from her childhood when her father gathered his compatriots to put on plays for her, detailing chivalrous heroes defending the helpless or messy brawls between siblings to amuse everyone. There was no specific point to it, except to bring some cheer while surviving in the vast emptiness under the desert's midnight sky.\nAnd just as the chatting was starting to put her in a good mood, that old ne'er-do-well's shadow slid back into her mind. Though admittedly disgruntled, Dehya did her best to keep the curl of her lips imperceptible.\nThat night, Dehya rejected several laughable names, such as the "Sovereign of the Sands" and "The Crimson Edge." She thought it was time to let the farce come to a close. It was just a name after all, and true mercenaries did not let such things affect their business much.\nJust then, an aged mercenary interrupted the discussion. At first, he snorted disdainfully at the stupidity of those around him. Then, he asked a question: "The Legend of the Lion. This story ring a bell for anyone?"\nThis tale was, naturally, one Dehya was familiar with. During her childhood, her father had told her lots of old stories — far too many, really. She had wanted to forget everything that had to do with him, but memories are not so easily consigned to oblivion.\nWhile she was lost in the twists and turns of her past, her companions decided upon a title for her that actually sounded quite alright: "Flame-Mane."\nAnd though she loathed the man The Legend of the Lion reminded her of, she found herself halted just before she could reject the name. Was it not all too petty to refuse such goodwill on that account?\nMust she avoid all the things related to her father, just because she wanted to forget him? Of course not. Besides, the story had brought a genuine feeling of warmth and comfort to Dehya, allowing her to face the world with open eyes, experience all it had to offer — and those experiences had not been falsehoods.\nSo why not take up the title of "Flame-Mane?" She could have done far worse.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nDehya is an individual of immense beauty, a fact undeniable to all who know her.\nShe is blessed with eyes of frosted sapphire capable of shivering souls, honeyed skin that bears a nigh-resplendent gleam when greeted by sunlight, and a length of wavy, black-and-gold hair that drifts behind her with every light-footed step she takes.\nThe desertfolk hold maidens imbued with attractiveness and vigor in great esteem, seeing them as embodiments of vitality.\nDehya, likewise, pays a great deal of attention to her looks. When she finds the opportunity, should her environment allow it, she always seizes the chance to take a shower and part her person from the stench of sweat. During her leisure time, she hits up the market for personal care products, procuring powder for her eyes and face alongside other cosmetics for times when she might need them. With how she uses these consumables daily, she often finds her supply depleting rapidly.\nMercenaries are typically a crude bunch, accustomed to violence with little focus placed on how they present themselves, making Dehya something of an oddity in that regard. Unable to understand why she is so concerned about her appearance, some of her companions have asked her as much.\nWell, what else could it be? The men of the desert smell so foul — a stench only made worse when they kick off their boots — that the nausea that follows is near-debilitating.\nCoated with sweat, having not washed their feet for the better part of a month, and reeking of alcohol, they infuse the air in a room with unfathomable rankness.\nImagine, an entire room filled with such unsanitary individuals. Mighty though Dehya might be, she has little desire to spend her time choking for breath.\nAs such, she sticks to a number of ironclad personal habits that separate her from the many slobs who plague their trade, leave her employers with a good impression, and keep her looking good at all times.\nA portion of her hard-earned Mora, likewise, is always placed into getting jewelry and cosmetics. She treats such purchases as rightful rewards derived from fruitful labor.\nWhen one is constantly surrounded by such fatiguing things as weapons, enemies, and business, a little care and gentleness go a long way toward lowering her defenses, allowing her to face the coming future with a softened heart.\nThough it is true that Dehya is a ferocious mercenary, she is, always first and foremost, a lovely and carefree woman.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nUnlike many who leave the desert and never look back, Dehya has always been proud of her heritage. However, her identity has indeed also introduced a great many obstacles into her life.\nShe lacked a systematized education and was in turn also bereft of any complex technical knowledge besides that which had to do with martial prowess and desert survival. Such was the case for many an Eremite mercenary.\nIt is clear to Dehya that this lack of knowledge has constrained her people and their potential, their energies and curiosity long subsumed by the sandstorms and the sweltering heat. If she hadn't encountered the miraculous creations of the Akademiya, tasted the fine wines of Mondstadt, beheld the elaborately crafted utensils from Liyue, or the mechanical brilliance possessed by the people of Fontaine, she too would have been unable to see past the borders of her environment.\nMeasured on merits of courage alone, the folk of the rainforest pale before the tenacious desertfolk. Avatars of determination, even after being lashed by the winnowing tongue of the withering winds for years uncounted, the people of the desert continue to live on, generation to generation, their bodies and minds as enduring as the rock of mountains, perhaps even more so.\nBut if they lack foresight to see beyond the present and visible, they will always only be crawling about in the sand.\nThe Mora they earn devoted solely to food and drink, their wealth flowing out as fast as it comes in, passing through them like the sand within an hourglass. The few among them who possessed foresight and intellect knew that to find a better life, changes were needed. But those individuals often cast the desert behind them upon embracing said better life, shifting to lives lived only for themselves.\n"Why can't we be more? Why must we be bound to spending our strength — even our lives — to live just a little better?"\nThey were made by the desert, but also shackled to it. Dehya desires to transcend such limitations. At present, she is still contemplating what kind of future she desires to seek.\nHow far someone can progress in life is not all determined by something as subjective as personal will — Dehya understands that all too well. But she also knows that, so long as there is a chance, she will try to deliver hope back to the desert, to do something for those still living there.\nThough her future paths may lead elsewhere, the sands will always be her home.\nThe Legend of the Lion:\n\nAccording to Kusayla, when a lion roars, even the blazing sun must shiver.\nLittle Dehya had never seen an actual lion before, so whatever Kusayla claimed, she heeded without question.\nKusayla would vividly describe how the sun would cleave the land with its heat, warping mud to powder and distorting the very air in the atmosphere. Despite this, the lion constantly thundered onward, striding across this burning plain. Try as the sun might, the lion's approach was constant and unrelenting, pursuing the star tirelessly with its roaring until the light finally fled past the horizon.\nSuch was the might of the lion.\nEnraptured by the story, little Dehya's eyes gleamed bright, brighter even than the campfire burning beneath a blanket of night.\n"The lion can..." Kusayla's eyes scythed about for a moment before he snatched one of his slimmer compatriots to use as a volunteer to complete his analogy. "The lion can take out ten guys his size. Easy."\n"What about you? Can you beat the lion?" Little Dehya asked Kusayla.\n"Hard to say, but I know quite a few tricks, so I think should be able to give that beast the business." Caution lit Kusayla's expression, betraying no hint of boasting.\n"If the lion charges me, I'll... dip down beneath it, angle myself under its body, and then... Open its stomach with my blade. That should be enough to do it in."\nUnsatisfied with mere words, Kusayla called upon another of their band to pretend to be a lion, planning to give a personal performance for a triumph most hypothetical. Unfortunately, their acting left much to be desired, with the "lion's" roars crippled by a lack of presence, sounding more dog-like than anything.\nDehya was unsurprised. She knew what kind of character her father was. It was folly to take all he said seriously, and only disappointment awaited if one did so. All she really had to do was laugh along with him.\nThe Legend of the Lion, however, did linger in her recollections.\nMany years later, just as Dehya and her companions were deciding what title would sound best for her, the Lion was mentioned, pulling her back to this childhood fable, and her father, who had put everything into the form of a play for her.\nThough she had been estranged from Kusayla by then, she couldn't help but indulge in the nostalgia of her youth.\nNow, she finally understood what her father felt in his heart all those years ago, though he was now gone, adrift in the Eternal Dreamland.\nThis would prove one regret she would not be able to reverse. But still, one must veer toward optimism, for bitterness did not suit the lifestyle of one working in the desert. Besides, the memories of her preadolescence were now things she could openly look back upon with a sense of satisfaction.\nRecalling her girlhood, Dehya's eyes couldn't help but light up just as they had beside the campfire beneath the night sky all those years ago.\nShe would become a lion, akin to the one told of in Kusayla's story, so that the legend might yet live on through her.\nVision:\n\nDehya isn't all that sure when her Vision manifested precisely, but she guesses that it might have appeared when she had just started walking her own path.\nDuring that time, she was consumed with thoughts of growing stronger.\nAs a mercenary, being weak meant not being able to take on enough commissions, which in turn meant no Mora for food.\nIt was during this critical juncture that the Vision appeared by her side. With how stretched for Mora she was, she even considered trading it in for actual currency.\nPeople all say that to be granted a Vision is a sign of divine favor, but Dehya felt that if she was truly chosen, the gods would have sent her Mora instead of some trinket that lacked instant monetary value.\nAdditionally, though the Vision can help her direct the elements, victory in a true battle is still decided by skill, judgment, strategy, and physical conditioning.\nThere are many legendary mercenaries who achieved such renown even without a Vision, relying only on training and grit.\nDehya likewise understood that, should one become overcome by pride at having the gods' favor, stop thinking things through, and fail to appreciate that which is before them, no enemy would be required to punish such hubris. The desert itself would exact vengeance upon such folly on its own.\nThe things she would experience thereafter would serve as further proof that even divine power has limitations. For all their might and wisdom, even a god might be constrained.\nDehya likes her Vision, but she will not bend to become an apostle after a mere brush with divine attention.\nShe is a mercenary. Someone who lives and dies by the blade. Such a person trusts only in the sweat shed to feed countless gardens of battle and bloodshed.\n~~dehya ends here~~\nDiluc:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nAs the city of ballads and wines, Mondstadt's alcohol industry is renowned all over Teyvat.\nAs owner of the Dawn Winery, Diluc is essentially in charge of half the industry. This means he has a huge stream of revenue and an entire network of information, in the form of tavern patrons' gossip, right at his fingertips.\nIn a way, he is the uncrowned king of Mondstadt.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nThe scent of wine always lingers in the air in Mondstadt.\nIf one were to follow the scent to its source, one would invariably arrive at Diluc's Dawn Winery.\nA wooden plaque proudly announces the winery's name, and beneath it is written the winery's motto:\n"Shine True."\nMost interpret this to mean that the wines are brewed for consistency of taste, with time-honored techniques and that same healthy dose of sunny optimism that the dawn brings.\nMeanwhile, the more pragmatic Knights of Favonius are reminded of the long history of mutual support between the winery and the city.\nThe winery holds festivities from time to time. These events are routinely attended by enthusiastic fathers, eager to introduce their wonderful daughters to the young and single winery master.\nThis is all highly entertaining to the other guests, who watch on and comment, mockingly:\n"We'd much rather Master Diluc stays married to the winery, given how good this wine is!"\nDiluc deals impeccably with all situations, no matter who or what comes his way.\nDiluc is a fine young gentleman in every conceivable respect.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nDiluc avoids talking about the past.\n"If only Diluc were still a member of the Knights..."\nAfter a few drinks, senior knights will say words to this effect with a sigh.\nThey refer to events from a long time ago, back when Diluc's father, Master Crepus, was still the owner of the winery. Master Crepus' wish was for his son to become the most esteemed knight of all and safeguard Mondstadt, the City of Freedom.\nAs per his father's wishes, Diluc trained rigorously to make himself worthy of the Ragnvindr name. Sure enough, he passed the Knights of Favonius' trials, swore the oath of protection to Mondstadt, and entered their ranks. Before long, he received an early promotion which saw him become the youngest-ever Cavalry Captain.\nOver the course of his missions and patrols, the denizens of Mondstadt gradually came to know this young and passionate Cavalry Captain.\nNo matter what the missions demanded from him, he always maintained his composure and his passion. No matter how big the challenge before him, his boundless courage always led him to the front line. The praise he received from his comrades and citizens spurred him on.\nBut the words of praise he valued most of all were:\n"Good job. Now, that's my son."\nHis father's words fueled the fire inside his heart and served as his greatest motivation.\nHis faith was an unquenchable fire that burned strong and bright inside him.\nDiluc was so young back then.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\n"Sometimes, life can change in an instant."\nThe day that Crepus spoke these words to Diluc would turn out to be the latter's last as a Knight of Favonius.\nFor on that day, a horrific monster attacked the transport fleet he and his father were traveling with.\nThere was no time for Diluc to send for help. The monster was stronger than any foe the young Cavalry Captain had ever encountered, and overpowered him.\nDiluc could never have anticipated the way this battle would end: His father, who had been denied admittance into the Knights and who was shunned by the gods, defeated the monster with an unknown evil power — before that same power backfired, mortally wounding Crepus himself. Crepus died shortly after in his son's arms.\nWith a heavy heart, Diluc returned to the Knights' headquarters, only to receive an unthinkable order from Inspector Eroch: "Conceal the truth."\nEroch insisted that the incident must be portrayed as an unfortunate accident in order to maintain the reputation of the Knights of Favonius in the eyes of the public.\nSuch was the sheer outrageousness of this request that Diluc did not think it was even worth trying to argue.\nDiluc's father had once said to him that the world would never turn its back on the faithful.\nBut now, the Knights of Favonius trampled on his faith like it was nothing. He couldn't help but wonder: What was his father's view on faith in his final moments?\nDiluc resigned from the Knights that day and left everything behind, including his Vision.\nHe swore to avenge his father's death, and to find the source of that occult power which had caused his father's demise.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nAfter Diluc resigned and discarded his Vision, he handed the running of the Dawn Winery over to the head housemaid and left Mondstadt altogether.\nDiluc traveled all across the seven nations of Teyvat in search of the truth.\nAll clues pointed toward a behemoth of an organization: The Fatui. He learned that they made counterfeit Visions in secret, calling them "Delusions." A Delusion could amplify the power of its bearer to its extreme, but also carried the risk of backfiring. That was what had caused his father's death.\nWas it possible that his father could have obtained such a sacrilegious item in order to do good?\nDiluc knew he may never know the full truth, but that could never stop him from pursuing it.\nLike an eagle scouring the wilderness, he set off on his hunt for the truth. Determination burned like fire in his heart, unfathomable enigmas and unending battles could not sway him from his course. He pressed on relentlessly, scarred but undeterred, like a fiery tornado burning through the dense fog of mystery.\nThe Fatui's rulers, the Harbingers, monitored Diluc's progress from the shadows. The prowess with which he laid waste to numerous Fatui strongholds caught their attention and forced them to take action.\nDiluc narrowly escaped death at the hands of the Harbingers thanks to a third-party observer from the north, who was part of a vast underground intelligence network. The observer claimed to have been watching Diluc for some time, and approved of his methods.\nAfter his close encounter with death, Diluc took a long hard look at his past and the anger he had harbored for so long. Acknowledging his shortcomings, he decided to join the underground intelligence network.\nJust like when he first joined the Knights of Favonius, Diluc committed himself fully to his work. His talents and skills saw him rise steadily through the ranks into the upper echelons of the network.\nThe network was made up of volunteers, and many of its members had willingly given up their prior positions and reputations to join. Some had even abandoned their names.\nCould working with these new comrades finally restore the faith he once clung to? The faith that had been all but destroyed in the events surrounding his father's death?\nCharacter Story 5:\n\n"Shine True." The background to this motto is hotly contested, but to Diluc it has one simple, clear meaning.\n"Evil cannot go unpunished.\nNever settle for mediocrity. Never forget that the dawn will one day come."\nDiluc's solitary sojourn lasted for three years.\nFour years on, Diluc had returned to Mondstadt and taken over as head of the family winery, now a young man.\nIn the space of these four years, Eroch had been purged from the Knights of Favonius after being shown to be a traitor, while Grand Master Varka had left on an expedition, leaving Master Jean to assume the role of Acting Grand Master.\nThe return of the Dawn Winery's master should have been a momentous occasion for Mondstadt, but strangely it went completely unnoticed.\nThe reason? Mondstadt's citizens were far too busy pondering the mysterious case of an unknown "Guardian of Mondstadt."\nAll that was known about the anonymous guardian was that the smell of burning would follow in his wake, and that a flash of red flames would reveal his silhouette for but a moment in the darkness of the night, before he disappeared in an instant.\nThe bodies of monsters that had plagued Mondstadt for an age now lay dead in the wilderness... Mondstadt's most wanted thieves suddenly appeared bound and gagged, hanging from their feet in the statue plaza... All the Knights of Favonius were dispatched to reckon, once and for all, with the Abyss Mage behind countless crimes in the city, but they arrived only to discover that he had long since been killed...\nAided by wine-fueled conversations, word of the mysterious guardian spread swiftly, and he came to be known as the "Darknight Hero."\nIn public, Diluc appeared to hold this hero in contempt, his face curling up in disgust every time the name was uttered.\nElzer of the Mondstadt Wine Guild was one of the select few who was in the know, and once queried Diluc about this: Was his disapproval of the Darknight Hero just an act, intended to throw the knights off his trail and protect his anonymity?\nBut Diluc simply frowned once more, and curtly replied: "It's just a stupid name."\nDawn Winery's Apple Cider:\n\nDiluc may hold the whole wine industry in the palm of his hand, but he himself is not fond of wine.\nAt Diluc's request, the Dawn Winery developed several alcohol-free beverages, a decision which was met with resounding approval from those in Mondstadt who could not drink alcohol but still wanted to partake in the drinking culture.\nOne of those alcohol-free beverages is Mondstadt's apple cider vinegar, the success of which is on a par with dandelion wine in terms of monthly sales volumes.\nSome think that Diluc must have such high standards when it comes to wine that he is never seen drinking the mediocre-quality beverages that are available to the public.\nOthers think that drinking wine must surely remind him of his father, and that that is why he does not touch it.\nWhen pressed about his drinking habits, he responds by saying that alcohol clouds his thoughts, and consuming it would impact his day-to-day work.\nBut the thing that people don't understand is: What kind of day-to-day work does a winery master do, if it requires him to never touch a drop of alcohol?\nVision:\n\nCrepus had two regrets in life. One was never becoming a knight, and the other was never obtaining a Vision.\nFor this reason, in the moment that Diluc received his Vision, he took it as a recognition by the gods of his and his father's shared ambition — finally, he could make his father proud.\nJust a few years later, his father died on a dark and gloomy day. The hopes and dreams that burned bright in Diluc's Vision were extinguished in the torrential rain that fell on that night.\nNo matter how upright and good-hearted a person may be, death will still come to them without warning.\nIs this where the tale of justice ends? Just like that?\nIt seemed to him that his Vision and his status as a knight were both equally ineffectual at enabling him to protect the things that he treasured most. It was time to discard them both, he decided.\nWhen he recognized his own powerlessness, his Vision became but a burden, of no greater service than a Delusion.\nEmpty titles were of no interest to him. He sought after ardent flames that would burn brighter than any other, and an unshakable resolve. Only a firm resolve can drive the truth-seeker forward, and only ardent flames can vanquish the ice that freezes the hand of justice.\nOn the day that Diluc returned to Mondstadt, he took up his Vision once more. The events of his years away had purged him of his childish immaturity, and turned him into a hero ready to shoulder his father's will once more. Each night, from the shadows, he fought for Mondstadt.\nHe did not discuss the past. But he did not deny the past, either.\nTo the lost, perhaps a Vision is a beacon of light given by the gods to help them find the path forward.\nBut to those with conviction, a Vision is simply an extension of their strength, a medium for channeling their willpower, a tribute to the experiences that have shaped them, and a testament to the story of their life so far.\n~~diluc ends here~~\nDiona:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nWhenever a guest walks into the Cat's Tail, they will immediately glance in the direction of the bar.\nBehind it often stands a girl with mildly-twitching cat ears, cocktail shaker in hand, and an unhappy look on her face.\nThis is the mixologist Diona, ascendant star of Mondstadt's wine industry, and the greatest challenger to its traditional powerhouses.\nHowever, she does not make these wonderful cocktails on purpose — indeed, quite the opposite.\nHer mixing methods can seem a little "inscrutable" to an outsider. To herself, Diona tries nothing less than her hardest to ruin that hateful grog.\nBut no matter the drink, it will turn out to be an unimaginably sumptuous brew so long as it passes through her hands.\nThis is a "blessing" she has received, though that blessing is a huge headache for her.\nFor this mixologist proclaims herself to be the "Wine Industry Slayer," and her final objective is the utter destruction of Mondstadt's entire wine industry.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nComing to the Cat's Tail to serve as its bartender was really a prank on Diona's part, the first step in her master plan.\nWhen patrons came in, they would "enjoy" her look of disgust as they got ready for the "Diona Special"...\n"Hmph. Here, drink this Sea-Salt Lizard, and kiss your life as an alcoholic goodbye..."\nSo she would say, thus ruining these boozehounds' appetites.\nAnd yet...\n"*glug*... *glug*... Wow, I have never had such a wonderful drink! Can I get a refill, miss?"\n"...You want a refill!?"\nTo this day, Diona has struggled with her unbroken record of mixing fine drinks. Unable to accept defeat, she has yet to give up on her dream of producing something truly disgusting.\nHowever, the results are always the same, and the Cat's Tail remains a popular watering hole, with its pleased patrons singing praises unending of her skill.\nAll poor Diona can do is puff up her cheeks, tears forming in her eyes as she grumbles:\n"Just you all wait!"\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nDiona's father, Draff, is the best hunter in Springvale.\nWith a resolute face, honed hunting techniques, and calm judgment calls, he fully deserves to be the leader of the huntsmen of Springvale, and is an example to them all.\nIn Diona's young mind, her father was her shining, perfect idol, the person she wanted to be.\nAnd that was also why she cried her heart out the day the pedestal she had put her father upon abruptly shattered.\n"When he's drunk, he's like a wild boar rolling about in the mud!" So she said, her eyes ringed red.\nBut Diona was not ready to blame this on her father's terrible drinking habits, for how could such a great father have such faults?\n"It's the wine's fault! It bewitches people and makes them stupid!"\nThis is the source of Diona's hatred for alcohol, and the beginning of Cat's Tail's turn in fortunes.\nThat said, Margaret, the owner of Cat's Tail, had never expected any of this to happen at all. Rather, she had a much simpler reason for hiring Diona.\n"What choice did I have? She's just too cute."\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nMany patrons believed that Diona's feline ears and tail were part of her uniform as a bartender.\nThis persisted until one day, when one particularly plastered fellow tugged her tail out of curiosity... only to find it unexpectedly warm and soft.\nThat day, Diona turned the tavern upside-down.\nThese feline features are the hallmarks of those with Kätzlein blood in their veins, and it is an exceedingly rare sight in Mondstadt.\nOther than such aesthetic similarities, Diona and her father Draff also owe their prowess on the hunt to this ancient bloodline.\nInfiltration, archery, climbing, and dodging... Diona required no teacher for such skills.\n"Ah, yes, and she also has a pair of eyes that can see well in the dark."\n"As for weaknesses... She bites when piqued, so please be careful."\nThus did Dr. Edith write of Diona in her notes for "Studies Into Bloodlines Strange and Unfamiliar."\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nDiona's appearance did indeed have an impact on Mondstadt's alcohol industry.\nThe Dawn Winery's long-held monopoly was broken overnight by this unexpected ambush from Cat's Tail, and the man put in charge of the winery's business, Elzer, found this unacceptable.\nA calculating veteran of many industrial battles, Elzer considered poaching this key figure, never realizing that Diona considered the Dawn Winery a sort of "final boss" to be defeated in her quest.\n"This marvelous and bold method of preparation must be the secret of these flavors, yes?"\nDiona simply looked at the white-haired man who had just sat down in front of the bar, rank displeasure in her eyes.\n"Ah. Simply exquisite. I can just feel your incomparable passion and love for wine."\nDiona's hand started to tremble as it held on to her cocktail shaker, and detecting the change at once with his sharp gaze, Elzer understood immediately.\n"If a brilliant bartender as yourself were to grace the Dawn Winery with your cooperation, we shall be able to bring Monsdtadt's alcohol industry to heretofore unseen heights!"\n...When Diluc questioned Elzer as to the story behind his bandaged hand later, he was uncharacteristically hesitant to say anything.\n"I... I was bitten by a cat."\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nThere is a legend about a "spring fairy" that circulates in Diona's hometown.\nThe fairy once saved a mother and son who had despaired beside a well, filling the barren hole with rushing waters that pooled and formed a spring. The child, deathly ill, was miraculously healed by those spring waters.\nMany people came to catch a glimpse of these blessed waters, and built a settlement around it, and left it not thereafter. Over time, this gave rise to the small town known as Springvale.\nNowadays, few are left who believe that this is any more than a mere legend, and some even dismiss it as myth-making for tourism's sake.\nOnly little Diona believed in the existence of the spring fairy, and on nights when her father was in a deep stuporous sleep, she would speak to the moon reflected in the spring water's surface.\nThese were her earnest feelings, innocent and wonderful — feelings worth answering.\nThat was what the spring fairy believed.\nSo, Diona would make a curious friend, a companion whom she could bare her feelings to and sometimes assuage her loneliness.\nOn the night of Diona's seventh birthday, as the moonlight reflected off the spring and upon her face, she heard the soft voice of the spring fairy.\n"I will bless you, daughter of hunters, for your days ahead, and as a farewell. May your cup always run over with the sweet wine of celebration. May it always be refreshing as springs of ever-melting snow."\nFrom that day on, the spring fairy would never appear before Diona again, and she left those memories behind, consigning them to her childhood dreams.\nTill today, she has yet to realize that her troublesome constitution has anything at all to do with that dream.\nCold Cocktail Shaker:\n\nDiona's father Draff is also interested in mixing the occasional drink.\nDiona's tail would wag from side to side of its own accord as she watched her father rocking the shaker back and forth at night.\nBut young Diona also found that her father would wind up particularly drunk on such nights, becoming dead to the world before he could even finish her bed-time story.\nThus, when Draff went out to hunt one day, she hid the shaker, squirreling it away in the deepest place under her bed.\nUnexpectedly, her father didn't bother looking for the lost shaker at all. He simply brought a new one back the very next day.\nWhen Diona went to Cat's Tail to try out for the role of bartender, Margaret noticed how the cocktail shaker Diona had with her looked wholly unsuited for her style.\nEver skilled with handicraft, Margaret would give Diona a cocktail shaker equipped with a lovely cat's tail as an induction gift.\n"Now, this suits you far better," Margaret said with a satisfied nod.\nVision:\n\nDiona's antipathy towards alcohol is not "hate" per se. Instead, it can be considered a form of "avarice."\nShe wishes for her father to always be the man that she admires, and she treasures every moment that she spends with her family, unwilling to "share" her happiness with the wine.\nThere was once a storm that lasted for three days, and for those three days, her father, who had been out hunting, did not return.\nThe awful weather prevented the search parties sent by the Knights of Favonius from making much headway, and soon the dread of "loss" began to hang over Diona like a shroud.\nIf she could not even stand to "share," how could she bear having something utterly "stolen" from her?\nShe burst out the door and into the tempest, and the waters that stood in her path were frozen by some power she did not recognize.\nUsing her superlative tracking skills, she found her father under a broken gorge.\nWith the help of the other hunters, she returned home with her father, and only once she realized that he would be fine did she finally smile again.\n"Do you... want me to mix you a drink? It'll numb the pain a little..."\nThat was probably the first time she ever mixed a drink in a normal fashion.\n"Ooh, it's so refreshing. It's wonderful! Hahaha—Ouch..."\nGetting to drink a cocktail that his daughter had made was probably a better anesthetic by far than the alcohol itself.\nStill, Diona gaining power over Cryo did not help reconcile her to wine at all.\n~~diona ends here~~\nDori:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\n"Dori Sangemah Bay, owner of the Palace of Alcazarzaray, super-duper merchant who sells everything you need!"\nWhen one holds Dori's name card, this impressive title instantly comes into view.\nDori is, however, indeed the most special Sumeru merchant of all.\nShe already possesses vast wealth, but is still fervently passionate about earning Mora;\nShe already owns multiple well-renowned merchant caravans, yet she always travels across Sumeru to sell her marvelous items in person.\nSpeaking of which, her wares are just as curious as her style: special travel kit, outdoor dryer machines, automatic snowball launchers... You can probably buy anything you can think of from Dori. The only question is: Do you have enough Mora to do so?\nCharacter Story 1:\n\n"Oh wow, are you headed for the desert? I have some good stuff you'll need there."\n"The rainforest is terribly infested with poisonous snakes, ferocious monsters, and a terminal case of humidity — it's no place for the less-than-thoroughly prepared, no sir! Now then, why don't you try bringing this for your trip? Buy it now and enjoy a 20 percent discount!"\n"Hold your horses, hotshot. You're not taking that route, are you? There's a huge pack of monsters lying in wait ahead that-a-ways. But see, I have some weapons here that you won't regret purchasing — you know, for self defense!"\n"Going to the Akhtamun Ruins? You've got the right person. First things first, you'll need a complete set of water-drawing tools... Which, as it happens, I happen to have for sale!"\nThere is a tale among adventurers in Sumeru.\nIt says that if you are about to embark on a journey into a dangerous place, you'll see a diminutive figure, seemingly having been waiting for you.\nBe it in the treacherous mountains, arid deserts, grim rainforests, or desolate areas inhabited by monsters, you'll always see her smiling face.\nWord has it that Dori carries all manner of marvelous items on her person all the time. Her items can help adventurers get through their pressing troubles.\n—At a "reasonable" price, of course.\nAdventurers who "have just received Dori's help in their time of need" at the cost of "paying a large sum of Mora at once" often develop conflicted feelings toward her — somewhere in between gratitude and a grudge.\nFor Dori's part, she considerately ignores the conflicted look on their faces, putting the fresh Mora in her almost-bursting purse and bidding them adieu with a contented smile.\n"Thank you for your generous purchase. Hehe."\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nFrom the perspective of others, Dori's business has always been on the up and up. However, only Dori herself knows how many unimaginable bottlenecks she's struggled through.\nThere was a time when orders from all over Sumeru just kept flooding in and Dori couldn't deliver such a giant number of orders in a timely fashion.\nUnfortunately, the capacity of the usual merchant routes was too limited for the delivery of commodities in such a gigantic quantity.\nMany members of Dori's merchant caravans suggested rejecting certain orders to dial down the scale of delivery and maintain a decent, stable profit — one that already seemed set to make them immensely wealthy, given time.\nBut Dori took a very bold step: She accepted all the orders while starting cooperation with the Kshahrewar to establish new trade routes in areas that were known to be dangerous.\nShe opened the new routes up to nearby merchant caravans, took the opportunity to found a commerce guild and put the relevant resources to good use, and finally eliminated the bottleneck that her business was stuck in.\nToday, Dori's new, built-from-scratch merchant routes are seen all across Sumeru, and the good reputation of "Lord Sangemah Bay" has spread far and wide.\nThe words Dori said to her caravan members have also become common knowledge:\n"I'm not some stupid toadstool. I don't cancel or reject any orders."\n"Every Mora that can be earned, will be earned by me. Why? Well, because it's there, of course."\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nDori used to suffer terribly from insomnia. Back then, she would often lose sleep for no reason. After such sleepless nights, she would show up to trade meetings with a pair of raccoon eyes.\nEven the best doctors couldn't diagnose her properly. She burned one frankincense stick after another, and yet they did not lull her into sleep but into coughing fits instead.\nIt was at that moment that a doctor passed by and told Dori this:\n"I've heard that some people place an hourglass by their bedside. The sound of the falling sand helps them sleep."\nDori tried it for a few days and it didn't work. However, she was inspired by the failed attempt, ordering a large custom-made hourglass.\nThat which was in this hourglass was not sand, but shiny Mora.\nThat night, embraced by the music of jingling Mora, Dori slept soundly at last.\nAfter that, Dori learned the trick to dealing with insomnia:\n"To sleep well, you must first secure peace of mind."\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nMaybe it's because of her deep love for Mora, Dori also takes interest in "whoever or whatever might bring Mora in."\nFor example, her merchant caravans use Sumpter Beasts to carry cargo, so Dori had an "amusement park" built for the Sumpter Beasts such that they might enjoy their downtime.\nShe also handpicks Sumpter Beast food of the best quality to make sure that they have balanced nutrition and that they stay in good health.\nAlso, as a shrewd merchant, she never misses a single business opportunity.\nSumpter Beasts playing together in the amusement park make for a fun scene, so Dori took the chance to open the amusement park to tourists and sold tickets, food, and souvenirs to them. The cost of raising the Sumpter Beasts was covered by the amusement park's revenue in no time.\nDori's love for Sumpter Beasts is genuine, and so is her intention to make Mora out of that love.\nPerhaps the Jinni in Dori's lamp knows this better than everyone else. The spirit was tricked into entering Dori's lamp, but it has never left since.\nDori will summon it into combat, but she will also grant its wishes afterwards.\nSometimes the Jinni even thinks that the fairy tale might actually have gotten things reversed —\nFor the one who dwells in the lamp is a powerful fighter, while the one holding the lamp is the one who grants wishes.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nNo one knows how exactly Dori met Alice, but they are truly a pair of business partners that could make all merchants jealous.\nAlice travels the world, so she does not stay for long every time she visits Sumeru. However, every once in a while, Alice will ask someone to send her new invention to Dori.\nDori, for her part, will sell it and find a way to send the Mora to Alice.\nSometimes, Alice sends the invention with an attached letter that tells Dori to keep the Mora for the time being because Alice is currently in a dangerous area.\nHowever, Dori insists on getting someone to send the Mora to safe zones closest to Alice's position, making sure that Alice will receive the Mora at her earliest convenience.\nThe labor, shipment, insurance... The various costs tend to amount to a fairly large expenditure, but Dori is never stingy in this regard. She even pays in advance.\n"I, Dori, never default on payment."\n"Also, Ms. Alice has expenses, too. I must make sure that she has Mora at hand whenever she needs it."\nDori often repeats these words and, despite the trouble, repeatedly makes sure that Alice's payment is delivered.\nThough Alice is no longer Dori's only supplier, Alice's payment is still a top priority for Dori.\nPerhaps it's because Dori keeps a certain promise embedded in her heart — the promise she made to Alice the day they met.\n"You want limitless Mora? Sure. I can supply you with marvelous items of all kinds. But how much Mora you're going to make will depend on how good you are at sales."\n"Don't worry. I'll sell them for a good price, earn a large sum of Mora, and deliver your share as quickly as possible... I'll be your greatest business partner."\nMora Music Box:\n\nTo better enjoy the fascinating clinking of Mora, Dori ordered a custom-made "Mora Music Box."\nOn top of the music box is a slot precisely the size of a single Mora.\nInsert a Mora through the slot into the box, and it will roll along the intricate tracks inside and make pleasant clinking sounds.\nThese sounds compose beautiful music to which Dori twirls in the grand Palace of Alcazarzaray.\n"Mora, Mora, shining brightly."\n"Mora, Mora, toward infinity."\n"Beautiful Mora, Dori's Mora."\n"Everyone's Mora, come to Dori."\nDori's sung this song countless times, yet she's never tired of it.\nAt the end of her dance, Dori takes a deep bow to her imaginary audience.\nIt is also the moment when the Mora falls to the bottom of the music box, making the final clink —\nWith this finishing touch, an imaginary curtain descends upon Dori's delightful dance.\nHowever, Dori is never quite finished — she always has another Mora to slot into her music box.\nVision:\n\nTwo girls of similar ages hummed a melody that was slightly out of tune. They spent their innocent childhood hand-in-hand as constant companions.\nThey each picked flowers to decorate the other's hair in spring and walked across creeks barefoot in summer.\nThey slid down the golden sand dunes in autumn and shared a book in the warmth of the winter sunlight.\nIt seemed that such happy times would never come to an end.\nThat is, until the elder sister started coughing blood for no reason. At this time, their home came to be ringed by a great many strange adults.\nThe strangers explained the elder sister's situation in serious tones and with unfathomable jargon before sighing at the dingy little room.\nThe younger sister had no idea what was happening, but she visited her sister every day, and her sister would always say this to her with a bright smile:\n"It's alright. I just need some rest."\nSeeing that smile, the innocent younger sister's eyes filled with expectation. She even began looking forward to playing together like they used to.\nBut one day, she saw her sister gripping her chest while telling a story.\nThen, when her frail form collapsed onto the bed, the younger sister reached out to catch her, only to find that her body was so very light.\n...It was almost as if her sister were a feather, a feather that might drift away to some place far, far away.\nLater on, the younger sister found a crumpled note.\nIt was a doctor's prescription, with a list of herbs that were desperately scarce — the collectors who had such herbs were few and far between.\nTo purchase those herbs would cost more than tens of millions of Mora, an impossible price for a family that was already struggling to make the ends meet.\nThe elder sister always shook her head with a smile to dismiss her family's insistence on following the prescription. Perhaps she herself could only find the courage to glance at that note in the deep hours of the night — and dare to dream that she might "live."\nUpon finding out about the note, the younger sister put it into her pocket silently and resolved to save her sister.\n"I must make a lot of Mora."\n"With enough Mora, my family will never have to smile at me while swallowing their pain, and I will never have to lose anything due to lacking Mora..."\nPerhaps it was at that moment that the gods looked upon her with mercy.\nBut to an "ambitious" person like her, getting a Vision was just the start.\nIn the countless days and nights that have followed, she has constantly kept herself calm and clear-headed, telling herself:\n"Conviction alone is not enough. I will work hard for what I desire until the end of my days."\n"There's nothing that Lord Sangemah Bay cannot achieve."\n~~dori ends here~~\n