Emilie:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nThere is much that may be said when discussing a bottle of perfume.\nWe might speak of its fragrance: How it first bewitches with its top notes, before gradually melding with its wearer, and finally taking a subdued bow amidst the lingering aroma.\nWe could speak of the concept underlying its design: Is it meant to enliven the spirit, or to lend an aura of alluring mystique?\nWe might even debate the most appropriate occasion for its use: Would one be willing to attend a social ball clad in this aroma, or would it be better suited to suffusing the atmosphere of a private date?\nEmilie finds these matters to be most worthy of discussion, as they are intimately related to how one selects a perfume. Compared to such considerations, the precise identity of the perfumer who prepared the scent is not a factor that needs to be contemplated when making one's choice.\nAlas, neither customers' views nor popular trends are easily shifted. A herd mentality that craves security often leads people to prefer purchasing from well-known brands or designers, for one rarely goes wrong that way.\nFame, therefore, is a double-edged sword. The more famous one is, the greater the odds of receiving negative feedback, and many are exhausted by treading upon such thin ice.\nBut Emilie, famous though she is within Fontaine's perfume industry, seems untroubled by such.\nHer products are free-form, spontaneous — indeed, she worries not at all about designing perfume, for her true profession lies elsewhere.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nHaving handed her signed and stamped power of attorney documentation and confidentiality agreement to the Maison Gardiennage officer for perusal, Emile steps over the cordon and onto the scene.\nShe has already been apprised of all case-critical information: the number of deceased, the state of the corpses, and the parameters of the cleanup required. As to other case details, she is neither curious nor inclined to ask further questions.\nThe bodies, as well as severely damaged objects, have already been removed. And so she inspects the area meticulously, making mental notes of things that might be easily missed or difficult-to-clean areas that require extra attention.\nShe has encountered many such crime scenes, and with time, has been able to piece together in broad strokes the sequence of events — through the directions of blood spatter, the traces left by the residue of human tissues, and how objects fell.\nStill, this is not her professional duty. In the most infrequent of circumstances, of course, she will be invited to use this experience to aid the Maison in recreating crime scenes. But this is not one of those special cases. This case is already closed, and as a "forensic cleaner," she needs only draw a line under it.\nAnd so she silently dons her protective clothing and goggles, and gets to work. All goes well. Chemicals dissolve and wash away the rust and dark-brown, even black-colored stains, while sticky tissues and sharp fragments are cleaned separately. The harrowing scene and horrid smells are wiped away, erased like erroneous brushstrokes from a canvas.\nFinally, she invites the Garde, who has been waiting all this time outside, back in. They convey their thanks and bid her farewell, before manually removing the cordon.\nEmilie remains silent as she changes back into her previous outfit. She cannot help but think that though the deceased should already have been buried as those dear to them watched, parts of them have only just now been put to rest.\nShe adjusts her hat, nodding her head slightly toward the clean room, bidding a final farewell to persons completely unknown to her, as if she too were taking some small part in their funerals.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nAccording to certain psychological theories, creative types are even less concerned with the placement or organization of their belongings than most. Short passages containing such personality analyses are often found in the corners of Fontainian magazines and tabloids, and they even rerun every few days, as if the editors think people cobble their self-understanding together from such fragmentary pieces — not to mention possess deficient memories.\nSuch ideas are clearly stereotypes, for none would claim that Emilie wants for creativity, while her home is perfectly spick and span. To claim that a perfumer so famous lacks imagination, her modestness or otherwise notwithstanding, would be to categorically deny the Fontainian perfuming profession in its totality.\nBut Emilie's home is, if anything, overly clean. Few furnishings stand atop the visible flooring, and most items have been carefully packed into hermetic compartments. Indeed, one can barely tell that anyone lives there. Even friends who occasionally visit, such as Chiori, bluntly ask if this is a manifestation of some kind of obsessive-compulsive disorder.\nEmilie simply laughs, saying: "It has to be this way, that's all."\nHer dwelling is not large, but it has two workshops, one for perfuming, and the other for mixing the chemicals needed for her work. Neither allows for flasks or other items to be placed haphazardly, and so, while she has no love of daily drudgeries or household chores, Emilie has had to slowly learn the strict art of organized stowage and storage, habitually drawing clear lines between the different aspects of her life.\nThis terrifying discipline is something she has mastered with some ease — just as one separates dangerous reagents into separate vials, so too does she create freely in one bottle, while accumulating the experience that crystallizes out of solutions in another.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nWhen she is free, Emilie often goes to have dinner with her parents at their place.\nHer father is an officer of the Marechaussee Phantom, while her mother works in forensic medicine, and they often invite over human and Melusine colleagues alike as guests. One can only imagine just how many unusual conversations this rather ordinary-looking dining room has hosted.\nOf the many topics discussed, Emilie's trajectory through life is one of the more normal ones.\nWhen children her age were still reading comics, Emilie was reading her mother's work texts. She was fascinated by the mystery of chemical reactions, and began to formally study related disciplines. Such skills should surely prove useful, but just what kind of work should she pursue? Work in a crime lab, perhaps — so her father suggested.\nThough, such work always came with an element of danger, so it was best to learn a little self-defense from him first if she wanted to join — so he quickly added.\nFor a long time afterward, Emilie would work toward this goal.\nBut one day, her parents opened a bottle of red wine before the meal, as they lamented what had happened that day—\nThe Marechaussee Phantom's duties were to pursue the truth, but once that was done, any remaining fallout was left in the hands of the heartbroken bereaved. When some family's child commits suicide, soaking the rug with their blood, and the Gardes sent to investigate merely rule it a suicide and leave... Just how will the parents feel, left to pick up the pieces and clean up what remains of their child?\nAgnostic to purpose and intent, the nature of chemical reactions was the same, just like human emotions.\nPerhaps... Perhaps she could help.\nHaving had the thought, she later put it into action. She named her profession that of a "forensic cleaner," making modifications to the chemicals she originally intended for use in tests, such that they became cleaning agents that could wipe away all that remained on any given scene.\nOf course, though the environment itself might be cleansed anew, the pain could not be so purged. Still, Emilie can share some small part of the burden, that those left behind will not have to shoulder it alone.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nLife is unfair, and not all have the luxury of enjoying their hobbies. Thus, Emilie truly treasures such opportunities.\nCollecting perfumes was once her mother's hobby, but due to her work, she was able to apply them less than frequently, and so those top-shelf fragrances would eventually become Emilie's treasures. She loved the shiny bottles and the clear fluids within, basking in the mysterious reactions produced by interwoven aromas.\nIt was due to her hobby of perfumery that she later became quite taken with traveling to gather materials.\nShe has scaled snowy mountains few have traversed, and squeezed her way through the packed markets of other lands. Fragrances are shapeless, and are thus easily overlooked, but they are a necessary component of any person's living environment. Most people have somewhat unvaried preferences in this regard, but Emilie accepts all comers. Good, bad, simple, complex, Emilie carefully categorizes them all in her heart, and they form for her a bridge to understanding this world.\nFrom such a perspective, fragrances are no luxury, but rather, a thing that people can naturally enjoy... and thus, perfumes should be no different.\nOf course, this is very much against market trends. It is practically taken as a given that those crystalline, gem-like products should be placed under the searing spotlight and sold at extravagant prices.\nAnd Emilie remains but a hobbyist, and as such, cannot change this state of affairs by herself. Thus, many of her works have never reached the shelves of any shop. As one who works outdoors herself, she has designed insect-repelling, anti-perspiration perfume, though such a notion doesn't even sound remotely romantic. She also developed a fragrance specifically for Melusines to enjoy, but humans seemed unwilling to buy them.\nNot that she was disappointed, of course. That she could get these products into the hands of those who needed them was satisfaction enough.\nOf course, she does have some real regrets. For example, the risk of small animals knocking over or inadvertently ingesting chemicals keeps her from having a psychological support pet, which limits her to playing with other people's puppies in the park.\nNaturally, she also has to avoid wearing perfume when going to meet them. Animals have sensitive noses, after all, and she would very much like to be their friend.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nPeople often propose rules for groups in an attempt to explain certain phenomena.\nIn her work as a forensic cleaner, Emile encounters large quantities of human tissue, some Fontainian, and others not. Being meticulous in her preparation of the relevant cleaning agents, she gradually discovered that Fontainian human tissue structures seemed to have minuscule differences from those of other nations.\nDiscreetly investigating, she discovered something strange that very, very few had ever noticed. Even those who had some awareness would simply attribute it to Fontaine's special natural environment. After all, people in some places experienced greater hair loss, while people in others had naturally slim fingers... All a matter of their living in the same environment giving rise to those traits.\nEmilie sensed that the truth might not be so simple, but she tentatively accepted that explanation.\nAt least, she did until after the "prophecy" had already come to pass and she received some new cleaning commissions. She found that those minute differences between Fontainians and humans from other nations had silently slipped away, like so much water flowing between one's fingers. Indeed, it was like they had never existed.\nAfter giving it much thought, Emilie decided that she would seek the answer for herself.\nShe paid Iudex Neuvillette — who had allegedly once given a full account of the origin of Fontainians at the Opera Epiclese — a visit, and related her doubts to him.\nHe considered this for a moment, before informing her: "Fontainians are now true humans."\n"Are now," he had said. Some change in Fontainians, then, must have indeed occurred in the fulfillment of the prophecy.\nThat was enough for her. She needed no further details, having only desired confirmation. Indeed, she could already perceive that the details constituted a threshold ordinary humans should not trespass, let alone seek to. In her work with the Maison Gardiennage, she had already signed many confidentiality agreements, both great and small, but no document was needed to tell that silence was the best course here.\nPerhaps this was even, in truth, no big deal. Her life had not changed, and in fact, things were simpler now that her concoctions needed to make no distinction based on national differences.\nAnd so, she would keep this secret in the same place where she held all those joys and sorrows, reunions and partings — locked deep in her heart.\n"Constructed From Real Events":\n\nChevreuse, Captain of the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol, once gave this assessment of Emilie: not a romantic person.\nEmilie has responded to these stereotypical expectations people have of perfumers with a serious explanation: Once a perfume is out on the market, the right to analyze it passes from the perfumer to the purchaser. She herself might detect a whiff of her childhood in the scent of Marcotte, but others might sense love, invigoration, and perhaps even regret. A person responds to things based on their experiences, and in such matters, one cannot generalize. If the perfumer does not take the fragrance development process seriously, but instead pursues the romantic color of some specific place and emotion, they will likely wind up with an undesirable result.\n"And is that why you keep newspaper clippings? To collect the experiences of people?" Chevreuse asked.\n"Sort of," Emilie thought to herself. She had not taken those clippings specially for that purpose, of course. It was just part of her reading habits, being more interested as she was in real-life happenings than in the constructed narratives of novels.\nOf those various excerpts, the vast majority were serious reporting, while another small part could be compiled into a list of "The Decade's Top Ten Incredulous Situations." These hilarious newspieces were fuel for casual conversation between Emilie and her friends.\nAs for Chevreuse, she preferred novels.\nBy this logic, it seemed that of the two of them, the Special Patrol Captain was the romantic. But though Chevreuse's great love was crime fiction, she was quite perplexed by the emotional entanglements of the characters therein, instead enjoying expounding at length upon how responsibility should be apportioned among the various parties.\nSo, not the most romantic, either.\nAnd so, while their interests might differ, how they think actually has some similarities — a fact that goes some way to explaining why they became friends.\nVision:\n\nEmilie often receives cleanup commissions after cases have been concluded, and by the time she arrives, none are left at the scene but an officially posted guard keeping watch, allowing her to conduct her work in peace.\nBut sometimes, the scene is not so silent.\nEmelie [sic] reached the scene of the incident to see the dazed kin of the victim pacing around the perimeter of the cordon. It was a young lady, her eyes dead husks, knowing not where to go or what to do — only that she couldn't bear to leave. This, in truth, was no obstacle to Emilie's work. She could have simply shown her papers, accessed the site, and completed her cleanup. That was all her duty demanded — it was just her job, business as usual.\nStill, she hesitated. Greeting the Garde on duty, she walked toward the lost soul.\nOver the next few hours, Emilie sat by the woman's side in silence as the latter slowly told her stories of herself and the deceased. Emilie did not reply all that much. She merely held the woman's hand, patiently waiting as the tale stumbled forth, waiting until all the anxious thoughts and troubled words had been exhausted, until only quiet sorrow remained.\nThat pain was unavoidable. This was all she could do.\nThe delay caused her to finish her work very late, and as she stowed her tools and chemicals away, the last light still peeking through the window was already quite dim — all the better to highlight that glimmering Vision.\nFrom that day on, she would never again put any time limit on her work, always leaving ample time to spare. If any there should need a listening ear, there she would be to hear them.\n~~emilie ends here~~\nEscoffier:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nFor many years, Fontainian cuisine — exemplified by a focus on elegant sophistication — has been a popular palate-pleaser throughout Teyvat. If you were to inquire among food critics as to what best embodies the principles of Fontainian food, few if any would omit the great "former head chef of the Hotel Debord," Escoffier, from the forefront of their name lists.\nIn the eyes of discerning diners, Escoffier is both the founder of "precision gastronomy" and a leading proponent of "the principles of innovative cuisine." She excels at taking flavorings measured with the precision of scientific rigor and crafting them into dazzling, dynamic taste experiences.\nAccording to countless food critics, she is a "demon chef" who continues to breathe new life into the culinary world while sending shivers down the spines of dietary dinosaurs — those stubbornly unreceptive to change and fresh avenues in culinary evolution. While improving the industry's technology and techniques, she has successfully lowered the costs involved, effectively democratizing high-end dining and putting famous dishes on the tables of ordinary folk.\nAccording to her students and peers, she is discipline incarnate. There is no slacking on her watch — even the tiniest mistakes caused by a lapse in concentration or momentary distraction are met with scathing critiques. Crafting a dish worthy of even a perfunctory nod of approval requires absolute respect for each ingredient and the utmost sincerity and caution at every stage of the cooking process.\nAs Navia and her other friends see it, Escoffier is a patient and thoughtful woman who finds inspiration in complex symphonies and conversations with companions alike. Joining her for a spot of afternoon tea is much like opening a surprise gift — there is always something new and unexpected in store.\nYet for Escoffier, there is no dwelling on past glories — in her eyes, there is only the now and her goals for the future. Even when tasting a creation into which she has poured her heart and soul, she only stops to enjoy her work for a fleeting moment before turning her attention to the tiniest of flaws that even a seasoned critic would fail to notice.\n"There's still a long way to go to achieve perfection!"\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nEscoffier displayed an unusually keen awareness from an early age... almost shockingly so.\nHer sense of taste was particularly sharp, a characteristic that combined with her natural curiosity to remarkable effect.\nWhen her parents were distracted, she would rush into the kitchen and try every ingredient and seasoning she could find. She would then categorize them based on whether they were sweet, savory, sour, or spicy, and neatly rearrange them based on flavor intensity. She would then gesture to her mother to point out which flavors she preferred.\nWhile other children were playing aimlessly and carefree, Escoffier was busy discerning which baguettes had been out of the oven for too long and were no longer fresh. She would eagerly signal her mother to replace these stale loaves with freshly-baked ones. Seeing her little arms waving and her eyes blinking furiously, her mother would cut her off a few extra pieces of bread and ladle her a fresh bowl of soup, mistakenly believing she was trying to signal her hunger.\nOf course, Escoffier's parents weren't so well off that they could afford to throw out bread the second it lost its freshness. And so Escoffier, then only two, learned how to use salt, butter, sugar, and pepper to create fresh flavors for every meal.\nWatching this unfold, her parents, themselves chefs, realized their daughter's particular interest. So, they provided her ever more seasonings to play with, giving her the tools and freedom to express her creativity.\nIn whatever free time they had between teaching their daughter poetry and art, Escoffier's parents would introduce the history of cooking, inculcating in her the solemn significance of being a chef — starting with the adage that "The pristine white of a chef's uniform shines as brilliant as the plumage of a snow-winged goose."\nIt wasn't long before Escoffier was completely immersed in the wonderful world of food. She asked her parents to take her along to work, sitting and observing from the quietest corner of the restaurant. With the owner's permission, they would make a little extra sample with each dish they cooked so that the curious Escoffier could taste every style and flavor.\nThey were as yet unaware that in Escoffier's mind, this was nothing less than diligent study.\nThis exceptional talent would only continue to evolve and improve until she attained an awe-inspiring virtuosity.\nNo matter what dish was put before her, with just a single taste and a few minutes of careful consideration, Escoffier could not only list each ingredient and seasoning but even estimate the amounts used.\nEventually, at the ripe old age of four, she took a decisive step on her culinary journey — identifying ingredients and flavoring food was no longer enough. She was determined to start cooking dishes that could satisfy her tastes — to create cuisine that would shock the world!\n"How about I make dinner tonight?"\nFor her first ever dish, Escoffier eschewed the more common starting points and attempted a Golden Trinity Roulade — fish, poultry, and offal coated in batter and fried until a wondrous, golden interplay of complex flavors was achieved.\nThis was by no means an easy dish to make. Only by preparing each ingredient with care and precision could the correct balance of flavors be achieved. The slightest inaccuracy could easily result in a dish that is torment for the tongue.\nEscoffier followed the recipe to a T, carefully measuring each ingredient and seasoning and strictly controlling the timing of each stage. Her tiny hands were a blur of activity, anxiety turning her face red as she spent a hectic two hours toiling away.\nHer first, somewhat clumsy attempt at cookery did not have a fairytale ending — this was no case of the genius chef destined to turn every dish she touched into culinary gold.\nWhile her parents were full of praise for her Golden Trinity Roulade — enthusing quite genuinely over their meal — once they left and Escoffier had tried it herself, a frown quickly spread across her face.\nShe had failed to cook a dish that she found truly satisfying.\n"There's something missing, a certain je ne sais quoi..."\nThat night, Escoffier lay in bed thinking, unable to sleep...\n"Perhaps... I haven't eaten enough food... I haven't prepared enough meals... Was my seasoning off?"\n"Reading a recipe and following the instructions as-is... It's not enough!"\nFrom that point on, Escoffier had a clear goal to work towards...\nShe would try more food, expand her culinary horizons, and create delicacies that would make the world gasp in awe!\nCharacter Story 2:\n\n"Expand my culinary horizons"... Such a simple goal, and yet, one that required considerable expenditure.\nWishing to avoid burdening her parents, Escoffier decided to embark on a culinary campaign despite her young age.\nShe found a nondescript restaurant far from the prying eyes of anyone who might recognize her and diligently worked her way up to an apprenticeship in the kitchens.\nBy observing the chefs as they cooked dish after dish — all while helping them complete vital steps in the preparation process — Escoffier quickly familiarized herself with the specific challenges posed by wide varieties of food.\nWhenever a customer was less than satisfied, Escoffier would try a sample of their dish and combine her own taste with her memories of how the chef had cooked it to analyze the problem.\nAt the same time, mistakes are inevitable amidst the kitchen's heat, and stove-side pitfalls are impossible to predict from staring at recipes and textbooks alone.\nThe chefs in Escoffier's restaurant already thought she was too young to work in the kitchen. So, even when she knocked over a pot full of food, they couldn't bring themselves to scold her.\nBut Escoffier requested she receive no special treatment — every harsh word, every sharp reprimand, she wanted to hear them all.\nIf she didn't like what they said, then it was her job not to make the same mistake again.\nIt was these unpredictable pitfalls that Escoffier needed to quickly identify and commit to memory, adding them to her growing pool of "experience".\nIn a short six months, her understanding of cooking had grown by leaps and bounds, and she was soon ready to cook the restaurant's signature dishes unsupervised.\nThis tiny apprentice, barely taller than the stovetop, would stand on a chair, wielding utensils that weighed half as much as she did, and produce dish after dish of remarkable quality.\nSeeing this, the restaurant owner was moved by her passion and granted Escoffier the title of "petit chef." Her apprenticeship was over, and she was given a salary to match her new position.\nAlmost all the Mora that Escoffier earned in those early days was spent on "sampling delicacies."\nEvery day off they had, she would invite her parents to visit the famous restaurants of the Court of Fontaine, sampling each establishment's most exceptional offerings.\nWhile her parents were busy enthusing over the novel flavors of this high-end cuisine, Escoffier was deep in contemplation, considering the steps that must have been taken to prepare each dish and committing to memory every last spark of inspiration.\nThe more delicious food she tried, the more her own cooking excelled, the more Mora she could earn, and the more delicious food she could try... As Escoffier spiraled ever upward on this culinary cycle, she became increasingly engrossed in the grandness of gastronomy.\nBut there was one delicacy that she had been unable to sample...\nThe legendary Gateau Debord had swept through the culinary world like wildfire only a hundred years before. Yet, after the untimely death of the Hotel Debord's original head chef, the recipe had vanished from history.\nLater generations had made repeated attempts to reconstruct the recipe from scattered records of the time. Many of these replicas had themselves made waves in the culinary circles of Fontaine.\nEscoffier had tried them all, and while they were indeed sweet and delicious, she was always left with an inexpressible sense of disappointment — surely, there was more to the legendary cake than this?\nAround Escoffier's fifth birthday, a great chef from the Spina di Rosula created another such replica, one that was rumored to be almost identical in taste to the original.\nThe Spina even arranged for the Hotel Debord itself to host a grand tasting ceremony, whose opening day just so happened to fall on Escoffier's birthday.\nThere would be a mere sixteen pieces on offer each day. Naturally, these were quickly reserved for famous celebrities and people of note — there was no hope of securing a taste for someone like Escoffier, no matter how much she might desire it.\nOn the day of her fifth birthday, Escoffier begged her parents to take her to the Hotel Debord. Even if she couldn't try it, perhaps she could learn something about the legendary gateau just from its color, shape, and smell.\nIn the end, unforeseeable events conspired to provide her with far more than just a glimpse and a whiff of fragrance — outside the hotel, a sudden gust swept up an exquisite hat and whisked it into Escoffier's hands.\nShe searched high and low until, finally, following the unmistakable scent of roses wafting from the hat, she managed to find its equally fragrant owner — a somewhat anxious Navia.\nBy way of thanks, Navia invited Escoffier to sample the delightful piece of cake that had been reserved specially for her by the great chef who had baked it.\n"Honestly, it's nothing! I'll let you in on a little secret..." Navia lowered her voice and, after making sure no one was listening, whispered to the hesitant Escoffier, "I've tried it loads of times when no one was looking... and personally, I prefer macarons!"\nWith that, Escoffier's curiosity overcame her polite hesitancy, and she eagerly dug into the cake that Navia had just handed her.\nIt was indeed delicious, yet far from perfection. To Escoffier's tastes, it was no better or worse than the other imitations she had tried.\nBut this was a coveted gift from a new friend standing right in front of her — not to mention the work of a chef from the organization said friend's family ran... Was this the time for an honest appraisal?\n"How is it? Do you like it? Tell me what you really think!"\nNavia's appeal erased any lingering doubt. When facing a friend — when facing food — only the truth will do.\nAnd so, as she would go on to do countless times in the years to come, Escoffier gave her frank, exacting assessment:\n"...It's nothing special."\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nA vast and formidable gulf must be bridged for the merely "exquisite" to be elevated to the "enchanting." After carefully analyzing and comparing the many imitations she had tried over the years, Escoffier decided that she too would attempt to recreate the Gateau Debord she had so long dreamed of.\nShe would attempt to use this stunning creation as a stepping stone to ascend to the pinnacle of the culinary world.\nWith no recipe to follow, she had no choice but to cycle through the more common ingredients, hoping to slowly "derive" the perfect flavor.\nIf taking an existing recipe and learning how to prepare it, then modifying and improving upon what was already there can be compared to building a house with a tried-and-tested blueprint before decorating it in a different style...\nThen, Escoffier's method of "derivation" should be compared to building an entirely new house from scratch.\nShould an ingredient lend a dish an unexpected flavor, or if the proportions of each component are slightly off, the structure will topple, and the entire dish must be rebuilt from the ground up.\nTo this end, on top of her regular work at the restaurant, Escoffier started taking on "custom orders," where customers would provide her with ingredients and requirements, and she would craft dishes for them that were not on the menu.\nDoing so allowed her to push beyond her comfort zone and learn to adapt to unexpected requests. By familiarizing herself with a variety of ingredients in the heat of battle — continuously experimenting with new pairings and combinations — she could uncover both the original and latent flavors of every ingredient.\nYears passed in unending experimentation and refinement, as Escoffier created a detailed "Flavor Profile Chart" and developed her own unique culinary philosophy.\nShe named her new school of cooking "precision gastronomy." It was a style unfettered by a set repertoire of ingredients but instead grounded in understanding the fundamental flavor of each component. She honed in on precise measurements and analysis of the reactions occurring at each stage of the cooking process to create a truly bottom-up approach to cooking.\nAt this point, Escoffier finally felt as though she had — if only barely — joined the ranks of the cooking establishment. From this moment on, she poured all her effort into advancing the frontiers of food and challenging the boundaries of perfection.\nBy harnessing the principles of her budding precision gastronomy, Escoffier successfully created a new dessert that was not simply exquisite but truly enchanting.\nBenefiting from the popularity of her earlier "custom orders," her new cake took the Court of Fontaine by storm, flying off countertops throughout the city.\nIt caused such a stir that news of this new sweet treat made its way to Furina, whose curiosity was piqued. In between performances, she took the time to visit Escoffier's restaurant and see what the fuss was all about.\nWhen Furina appeared at the restaurant, the whole scene fell silent. Knives and forks stopped in mid air as diners stared in shock, while the chefs' hands were trembling so much that they were unable to continue cooking.\nOnly Escoffier quickly regained her composure after a brief moment of shock. It was she who greeted Furina with earnest elegance and, after a few seconds of careful preparation, delivered her new signature dessert to the superstar's table.\nIt was then that Furina noticed a peculiar emotion in Escoffier's eyes.\nFervor? No... it was like she was entranced.\nIt was as though this young chef had been waiting for just such an opportunity. Every dish she prepared was given her absolute care and attention — and now that she had the chance to present her food to the Hydro Archon herself, she seemed like someone stepping into the spotlight, eagerly awaiting Furina's verdict.\nNow even more curious than ever, Furina picked up her knife and fork and began to hum a lilting melody as the delicate flavors of the Lily Sugar-Glazed Opera Cake danced on her tongue like the notes of a sweet symphony.\nWhen she had finished, Furina immediately broke out into enthusiastic praise. She carefully confirmed the source of each sweet sensation and twice asked Escoffier's name before leaving.\nThat night, Escoffier couldn't sleep. To have suddenly received such praise from Furina left her feeling like she was in a dream — a dream so wonderful she could hardly believe it was real...\nIf she awoke, would she ever be able to relive this fantasy?\nThe answer, it turned out, was yes. The next day, she received an envelope from the Palais Mermonia. Inside was a letter of special appointment.\nMany years later, when Furina discussed her first meeting with Escoffier at a tea party, she recounted how amazed she was at the young chef's assured demeanor and composed grace.\nAt that moment, Escoffier displayed a rare lapse of composure yet managed to retain her customary frankness as she responded:\n"To be honest, my mind went completely blank. I was cooking purely on instinct."\nCharacter Story 4:\n\n"Dearest Escoffier, your superlative dessert brought me so much joy yesterday! Your wonderful talents are simply unrivalled..."\n"To this end, I have decided to appoint you as my personal 'Patissiere Supreme'!"\nIn a reception room at the Palais Mermonia, Furina personally placed an exquisite chef's hat on Escoffier's head, awarded her with a commemorative badge — one of Furina's own design — and bestowed upon her a title with no equal in the culinary world.\nFor Escoffier, this was the ultimate encouragement — a position of great responsibility in Furina's court. She could feel the pride in her heart surge like a tidal wave of motivation.\nAnd with it, her resolve grew, too — she was determined to keep creating dishes that would satisfy her new patron.\nHowever, even the Palais Mermonia had a budget to keep, and a well-fitted kitchen was seen as an expense too far. What facilities there were would only allow for the preparation of simple dishes, with no way for Escoffier to fully express her culinary genius.\nAs a result, she needed a fully-equipped restaurant where she could prepare Furina's desserts before carefully packaging them, sealing them, and delivering them to her master's table.\nFortunately, the Hotel Debord extended a timely offer, creating the new role of "Technical Head Chef" especially for her. She was now nominally on a par with the hotel's head chef and could freely use even the rarest and most expensive ingredients to create unparalleled dishes for Lady Furina.\nIt was a mutually beneficial arrangement. Escoffier gained access to the finest equipment and ingredients, while each of her prestigious desserts now bore a label reading "Creation of the Hotel Debord" — further cementing the establishment's reputation throughout Fontaine.\nWhat the hotel seemed to have overlooked, however, was that Escoffier was no simple pastry chef, and her culinary talents stretched far beyond the boundaries of the sweet. After all, Furina could hardly be expected to eat cream, frosting, and fruit filling for three meals a day — she required her Patissiere Supreme to dabble in the realm of the savory, too.\nAnd so it was that Escoffier spent this period of her life putting her talents into practice without restraint, honing her cooking skills until she had reached the peak of her craft.\nShe recreated the hotel's classic dishes with impeccable skill while improving upon many of their recipes, even reviving several others that had been thought lost to time.\nThe head chef at the time was a no-nonsense and experienced old hand who had already picked her chosen successor. However, upon seeing the advantages Escoffier held in all culinary domains, she decided to let the two younger chefs duel it out in friendly competition.\nEscoffier did not disappoint. She cooked a bowl of Wave-Kissed Sands — a dish that appears simple and unassuming at first glance but whose preparation is fraught with potential pitfalls. The dish left those who tasted it stunned, and even her rival was convinced that Escoffier should take her place as the new head chef.\nJust like that, she became the youngest head chef in Hotel Debord's history. The commemorative badge that Furina had given her — now a symbol of her personal image — would grow to embody the pinnacle of cutting-edge gastronomy.\nUnder her stewardship, the hotel's chefs pushed the limits of possibility, elevating the quality of every dish in their repertoire. Even the most pedantic of critics would find no fault in their food.\nAfter just six months in her post, Escoffier had reached the pinnacle of her profession. She was now recognized as Fontaine's most illustrious chef since Modeste — the hotel's "genius" founder.\nBut no journey through life is without roadblocks, and hers was no exception.\nAfter a while at the Hotel Debord, she discovered that her development had plateaued.\nEvery group of diners has its own unique "food culture" — an ingrained inertia shaped by time, history, and environment. These deeply rooted conventions were not something Escoffier could overturn on her own.\nFor example, a well-dressed couple of noble stock would find it just as hard to imagine taking up their finely polished knives and forks and digging into a mound of fish and chips as a thrifty worker would find it to nibble on foie gras with their family.\nBecause of this, the food that Escoffier could create while at the Hotel Debord was limited by the tastes and cultural horizons of her clientele.\nNot to mention, the dramatic influx of customers caused by the hotel's increased popularity put a huge strain on her, as she was now in charge of not only ensuring the quality of every dish but also managing the entire kitchen staff.\nAll of these factors conspired to restrict her exploration and experimentation with flavor.\nBut... could she really throw away the title of head chef that she had worked so hard to achieve — and abandon the hotel's unrivalled culinary environment — all to chase a hazy goal with no clear way forward?\nBefore Escoffier could make up her mind, an unexpected event decided her fate on her behalf.\nA dangerous and prohibited substance, lumiline, was found in the hotel's food. The news spread like wildfire throughout Fontaine, and her chefs were all in a panic.\nAs the head chef, Escoffier felt responsible for allowing the contamination to occur. To protect the hotel's reputation and calm unrest among the staff, she resigned her post. But it was not enough, and she found herself dragged before the court and sentenced.\nAll her doubts and frustrations would now have to accompany her to the lonely prison beneath the waves.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nFrom Furina's personally appointed Patissiere Supreme and a legendary chef praised by all to a criminal languishing in the Fortress of Meropide...\nEscoffier's fall from grace was steep — it was the kind from which many might never return.\nFortunately, Escoffier had never been cowered by danger — the more precarious her predicament, the more calm she became. If anything, her brief stay in the Fortress of Meropide gave her a new sense of perspective. She would later jokingly refer to this time as her "first period of seclusion" — a time spent cultivating her skills.\nThe food at the Fortress of Meropide's Coupon Cafeteria — far from the haute cuisine she was used to — could generously be described as a lottery. One where the jackpot was a meal so bad it was like an extra sentence. And yet, it allowed her to consider the possibilities of precision gastronomy from a whole new angle.\nNo longer focused on recreating specific flavors or arriving at set results, she turned her attention to testing as many taste combinations as possible. Every ingredient had depths to be plumbed, each one capable of creating unthinkable flavors with the right companion, thereby granting access to a wider world of seasonings to be used.\nWith this newfound motivation, her underwater life no longer seemed so stifling — though she still felt a pang of regret:\nAt times, the Fortress of Meropide was as noisy as a factory assembly line, while at others, it was as quiet as the yawning void. Thinking back to the atmosphere of the Hotel Debord, where melodious music always filled the halls, left her deeply saddened.\nThen one day, Furina and Navia came to visit, bearing a small record player. To Escoffier, the lilting notes of songs she had once grown tired of were like the first drops of rain after a long drought. As she was reminded of all the dishes she had enjoyed while listening to these songs, a surge of inspiration welled up inside her.\nFrom this day forward, the lumiline case that had landed her in prison no longer held any real significance for her.\nThe very next day after leaving the Fortress of Meropide, Escoffier invited her friends — including Navia — to a banquet. She chose a song with an undulating melody and a soothing rhythm and let the music inspire her as she created a dozen or more dishes, each one greeted by astonished gasps from her guests. As for the new creation she sent to Lady Furina, named "Autumn Frost," it was so well-received that Furina couldn't help but dance with joy.\nUpon her release, Escoffier did not return to the Hotel Debord. Instead, she settled into a peaceful life at a tavern by the Fleuve Cendre that Navia had recommended.\nThis was to be the beginning of her "second period of seclusion." Only matters relating to food could be allowed to disturb her thoughts.\nEven the sudden arrival of a catastrophic flood could not distract her from her purpose — she would not leave on the rescue boats until all of her utensils and ingredients had been properly sealed and secured. The second the flood waters receded, she was back in her kitchen.\nEscoffier's goal was not simply to create a dessert that would surpass the Gateau Debord and present it to Furina — her ultimate aim was to demolish the boundaries of traditional cooking entirely.\nShe did not attempt to tackle this cultural inertia head-on. Instead, like blending colors on a palette, she gradually introduced new flavors, fostering quiet, subtle innovation and progress.\nOver time, she would create a world without shackles, where even the humblest dishes could grace the tables of fine dining establishments and the most lavish cuisine could shed its haughty airs.\nThe ultimate goal was to discover a new peak of gastronomic pleasure. Even if this peak couldn't be reached in a single lifetime, Escoffier was determined to ascend toward it.\nThis would be a never-ending journey in pursuit of flavor, unbound by time or place. Whenever a new idea formed or an unfamiliar ingredient was discovered, she would throw every ounce of her being into researching it.\nEscoffier understood well the challenge she faced. It almost seemed to be reflected in her eyes — that shining peak of ultimate flavor, destined to refract the endless brilliance of her inspiration, like the pristine white plumage of a snow-winged goose...\nMulti-Purpose Gastromek Assembly:\n\nExperienced chefs are used to dealing with multiple sets of ingredients at once. As the pioneer of precision gastronomy, Escoffier frequently found herself whirling through the kitchen like a spinning top.\nWhile other chefs might take established ingredients and season them to achieve a desired flavor, her approach was to construct a "flavor protocol" based on the underlying principles of each dish. This process requires precise dissection of ingredients, complex cooking modalities, refinement, distillation, and a host of techniques that could add literally dozens of steps to the cooking process.\nAs a result, Escoffier began to explore the limits of multitasking. While preparing to cook each dish, she would divide the tasks that needed to be performed and plan them out in order down to the second, just as though she were a musician performing a dress rehearsal.\nHer well-choreographed cooking was such that this process became known throughout the culinary world as the "Kitchen Waltz."\nBut after training in this manner for some time, she suddenly came to her senses:\n"I'm a chef, not a performer on the stage!"\nFor Escoffier, it was vital that she spread the load by not only taking on extra help but also developing more convenient tools.\nAnd so, when she first started taking on "custom orders," she sought out the help of a group of engineers from the Fontaine Research Institute. Based on her requirements, these mechanical experts together created the "Experimental Multi-Purpose Gastromek Assembly," comprising her two capable assistants, the "All-Spectrum Multi-Use Cooking Mek" and the "Self-Adapting Movement Signal Tracking Support Mek."\nThe All-Spectrum Multi-Use Cooking Mek functioned as a combined cooking and plating device, integrating ingredient measurement, temperature regulation, and moisture control functions into a mechanism designed to separate mineral components. In Escoffier's hands, it was a capable substitute for essentially any piece of kitchen hardware. It could even be used to create "randomized cuisine" by setting it to perform cooking steps at random.\nIn fact, she often made use of this feature to generate ingredient combinations she might never have conceived of on her own. At times, these culinary experiments bore delicious fruit — though just as often, they produced results that were barely edible.\nThe Self-Adapting Movement Signal Tracking Support Mek expanded the technical side of cooking by harnessing the power of "prosthetics." It could be pre-programmed to perform a vast array of different movements that could then be executed following signals provided by Escoffier. Once installed upon her back, it was almost like a prehensile tail — whether manipulating utensils, handling ingredients, or carrying trays of food, it proved a steady and reliable assistant.\nIf anything, this tail-like mechanism was sometimes too responsive, reacting to even the slightest movement Escoffier made. On such occasions, the light meant to indicate its operating status would start flashing in sync with its malfunctions.\nHad she known it would do this, she would have asked the engineers not to include an indicator light at all — so as to prevent the mechanism from betraying her emotions...\nVision:\n\nCompared to the blazing heat of an open flame, Escoffier is far more fascinated with the frigid cold of ice.\nWhen it comes to man-made technology, the requirements for cooling something down are significantly more demanding than those for heating it up.\nLow temperatures are key to locking in the original flavor of ingredients. The importance of preserving the freshness of food — both in the time between being gathered and being cooked and between being cooked and being served — is impossible to overstate.\nTo these ends, Escoffier has tried everything to guarantee a stable supply of high-quality ice.\nThe effects of Mist Flowers' freezing vapors are impressive, but they have a limited range of effect, and their cooling properties are a tad weak. The costs of using alchemical solutions are so vast that even the Hotel Debord wouldn't countenance them. Even the mechanisms of the Fontaine Research Institute cannot maintain artificially low temperatures for any significant amount of time...\nEscoffier once even traveled to the Dragonspine region to seek out a legendary "Arcane Cryo Source."\nWrapping herself in a thick coat and tightly wound scarf and carrying a heavy pack and an Iron Point, she wandered the mountain slopes for days.\nEven when her polearm had been worn beyond use, she still hadn't located her target. Suffering from severe frostbite and carrying wounds from repeated battles with the area's monsters, she had no choice but to leave empty-handed.\nOn the long road back, Escoffier heard rumors of a mysterious Cryo entity known as Daleth, which only served to deepen her sense of regret. Her desire to find this source of Cryo would become a goal exceeded in intensity only by her obsession to advance the culinary arts.\nOn another trip to Natlan in search of new ingredients, the stiflingly hot climate left her in some distress, causing her to take the wrong path and stumble into dangerous territory more than once.\nIt never rains but it pours — just as Escoffier finally located the ingredients she was looking for, she carelessly disturbed a group of Avatars of Lava. Surrounded and in mortal danger, the scorching heat of burning Phlogiston almost caused her to faint. And even as she beat a hasty retreat, she was sent flying by an exploding barrel of Phlogiston.\nUp until this point, she had been desperately clutching her traveling pack, doing her best to protect the cooking mechanisms and ingredients inside. One thought kept reverberating inside her mind...\nIce... Ice... Ice...\nHer memories beyond that point are hazy — as though she had inadvertently drunk a large quantity of spirits. All she could recall afterwards was that some... freezing current had washed over her from behind, flowing nonstop until the flames clinging to her clothes had been extinguished, and she had somehow left the monsters' territory behind.\nIt was only once she had returned to Fontaine with the rare ingredients she had gathered that she discovered the Vision hanging from her back, radiating a cold brilliance.\nThe residual shock of her near-death encounter was replaced with a sense of joyful astonishment. The euphoria that enveloped her utterly washed away the pain of her injuries.\nIn order to maintain a sense of cold clarity, Escoffier secured her vision to her hairband, hoping it would calm her mind in the heat of the moment and help her retain absolute physical coolness in a kitchen roasted by roaring flames.\nWith the help of her Vision, she finally managed to realize her dream of keeping her ingredients cool in all conditions. Not only that, but after learning to wield the elemental power it granted her, she combined it with the functions of her "cooking mek" to great effect, massively expanding the scope of her search for ingredients.\nEven her utensils benefitted — the knives, forks, and spoons she could now form from elemental ice were exceptionally durable, not to mention convenient to replace. Another advantage of Cryo-generated cutlery was that Escoffier no longer had to waste her time and energy carrying and washing silverware.\nAnd yet, despite being the most capable ice-wielding chef in all of Fontaine — perhaps even Teyvat — Escoffier produces surprisingly little ice cream.\nPerhaps one day she will devote her efforts to creating an entire school of cuisine based around it, crafting frozen treats that can be conjured up and enjoyed anywhere and anytime...\n~~escoffier ends here~~\nEula:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nEula's role within the Knights of Favonius is Captain of the Reconnaisance Company.\nThe nature of her work means that she rarely sets foot in the city — she spends most of her time out in the wild, leading her team of scouts as they hunt down Abyss Order operatives and other monsters.\nKnown as the Spindrift Knight, Eula wields her blade with consummate skill, but perhaps more importantly, she is well-versed in strategy and possesses great courage and excellent intuition. Grand Master Varka had nothing but the highest praise for her, even declaring once that she was the Dandelion Knight's equal on the battlefield.\nOn the face of it, to have two such outstanding knights attending to the defense of Mondstadt in a single generation should be a cause for nothing but celebration. But dig a little deeper and there is a fundamental difference between Jean and Eula.\nFor Eula is a descendant of the once-aristocratic Lawrence Clan. The blood that flows through her veins once flowed through those of Mondstadt's oppressors during one of the darkest periods of the city's history.\nConsequently, Eula has been viewed with contempt by the citizens of Mondstadt since birth. The Lawrence name stands for a legacy of depravity and despotism that stains Mondstadt's past and scars the minds of its citizens even to this day.\nSo, whenever Eula appears, old wounds resurface. People despise the aristocracy, and this does no favors for her reputation.\nHowever, Eula is strong-willed and in spite of everything, she joined the Knights of Favonius and rose to the rank of Captain.\nWhen people in the city voiced their reservations, she would respond head-on, claiming that her chosen course of action was out of a desire for "vengeance." This matter-of-fact confession would alarm them all the more and has convinced everyone that she joined the Knights of Favonius only to serve as a mole for the former aristocracy.\nOne person who sees things differently is Acting Grand Master Jean. In fact, she speaks rather fondly of Eula.\n"The rumors are all groundless. The Spindrift Knight is simply misunderstood, that's all."\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nOn one hand, she is a descendant of the disgraced Lawrence Clan, the scion of a corrupt aristocracy. On the other, she is one of the top two sword fighters in Mondstadt.\nIn other words, Eula is equal parts tainted blood and superior swordsmanship.\nThere is no knowing when she might strike, nor what she might take from you... In the eyes of the citizens of Mondstadt, the Reconnaissance Captain is as unpredictable and tumultuous as the waves on a stormy sea.\nEula responds with a cold haughtiness to accusations of this nature. To any who dare insinuate such things to her face, she replies, "How dare you. Hmph, I will remember this."\nShe is consumed by the desire to avenge herself, but is often on the move far away from the city. Sometimes upon her return to Mondstadt, she will brandish her greatsword and march straight to the Knights of Favonius headquarters.\nOn one occasion, two fresh recruits standing guard on their first day on patrol watched this scene play out before their eyes. Alarmed and unsure how to respond, they ultimately did not dare to intervene. Instead, they simply watched on helplessly while Eula made a beeline for Master Jean's office.\nMuch to their surprise, however, hours passed and no sound of a struggle was heard from within.\nStill worried, the guards raised their concerns to Cavalry Captain Kaeya and Librarian Lisa as they were passing by.\n"The Reconnaissance Captain is back again? When you saw her, was it when she was marching towards Jean's office with her sword in hand, looking like she wanted to kill somebody?"\n"Goodness, I must head there straight away. How can they have a tea break without me?"\nLisa hurried to Jean's office the moment she finished speaking. Meanwhile, Kaeya took the two guards outside and explained to them whilst trying to suppress a fit of the giggles:\n"We all know that the Acting Grand Master is a good judge of character, don't we? The Knights of Favonius are interested in a person's ability, not their family history. That's why she gives up her time to spar with the Reconnaissance Captain. In doing so, she can preserve the dignity of the Knights of Favonius while also providing a way of settling old grievances. Quite brilliant, don't you think?"\n"Ohh... S—So that's how it is..." "...So 'tea break' is code for 'sparring'...?"\nThis kind of thing occurs almost on a monthly basis. But... if they're engaged in some sort of strange sparring ritual in there for the sake of settling old grievances and honing their fighting skills... How come they don't make a ton of noise?\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nIn truth, Eula is nothing like the fearsome predator many imagine her to be. On the contrary, constantly being met with prejudice at every turn means she is often the victim.\nAt one time, shops would refuse to sell her their goods, restaurants would put no care and attention into her orders, and the citizens on her patrol route would refuse to cooperate with her. So, Eula's work is fraught with difficulties.\nWhen conflict arises, Eula fights back with a sternly worded threat to indicate that she will remember this grievance and make the offending party pay for it one day. It seems to work like a magic spell, because as soon as these words are uttered, the conflict ceases immediately without ever having to escalate to the level of an all-out confrontation.\nFunnily enough, although people always have their guard up around Eula, she is a law-abiding citizen and has never harmed another Mondstadter in her life. She may come across as having a somewhat frosty demeanor, but she is entirely scrupulous in her speech and conduct.\nNo one can ever find fault with her actions, and as people gradually get to know her, their morbid fear of her will dissipate. They will also start to realize her threats of vengeance are nothing more than a figure of speech that simply serve as a verbal warning in the moment.\nEula, who may or may not be working to bring down the Knights of Favonius from the inside... Eula, who may or may not be an aristocrat mole... New recruits in the Knights of Favonius find her the most difficult person to deal with.\nWhen Jean sends a new recruit to track down Eula in the wilds and deliver a new set of verbal orders, they always receive the same response: "If you have to resort to tasking the descendant of your former oppressors with doing your work, then perhaps you are not as strong as I thought."\nBut despite the antagonism in her words, she will complete her newly assigned tasks to perfection. The new recruit is invariably forced to admit that with her abilities, it is no wonder she was able to achieve a captaincy within just a few years of joining the Knights.\nEveryone knows Eula is the frosty and antagonistic Spindrift Knight, the aristocrat who has a score to settle with the Knights of Favonius, the openly hostile and potentially dangerous individual... but is this really the truth of who she is?\nOn the way back, the new recruit thinks back over Eula's every action.\n"What was that kind and resilient look I saw in her eyes when she wasn't looking at me? She seems to take her job seriously... So, surely she can be relied on after all?"\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nMondstadt is a city of freedom and happiness where even the descendants of a disgraced former ruling class can find true friends.\nFortunately, there is one person whom Eula can rely on to be her spokesperson to the Mondstadt masses, and that person is Outrider Amber.\nEverybody loves Amber, so when she is around, shopkeepers will sell their wares to Eula at the normal price. If they're in an especially good mood, they may even exchange a few words with her during the process. It is at moments like this that Eula shows her most agreeable side.\nBecause of this, and because Amber is just so nice, she'll often accompany Eula on trips out, or even run all her errands for her and deliver the goods straight to her home.\nAmber is also the reason that the city folk end up hearing all about the Reconnaissance Captain's accomplishments out in the field. Each time Amber informs them of Eula's long list of achievements in battle, they can't help but let out a little gasp of surprise.\nEarly one weekend morning, Amber stood atop a makeshift stage of wooden crates and began announcing Eula's latest highlights: "Recently, the Knights of Favonius Reconnaissance Captain saved the life of a woman at Dornman Port. After further investigation with this woman's close cooperation, she then proceeded to successfully capture all the Abyss Order operatives hiding in the vicinity of the port. The woman in question was a renowned legal expert from Liyue, and the Knights of Favonius have since received official correspondence from the Liyue Communications Office thanking the Reconnaissance Captain for her deeds..."\nWhether because Amber's persistent efforts have overcome historical prejudices or because Eula's achievements as a knight have quelled the long-standing fear in people's hearts, Eula's life has changed noticeably in recent years. Most of the city folk are no longer openly hostile towards her, and she has won over the members of the Knights of Favonius with her consistent results in the field.\nAs for the members of the Reconnaissance Company under her leadership, they support her unconditionally. They always have her back when they head out to Mondstadt's outskirts to defend the peace of their nation.\nOf course, the person who has always tirelessly rooted for Eula, and who is now the most delighted to see people's attitudes towards her change, is Amber. They had been friends for a long time before Eula ever joined the Knights of Favonius, and as the beloved mentee of Amber's grandfather, the first Outrider, Eula has her complete trust.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nOne might not expect this from her frosty attitude and sharp tongue, but Eula is a talented chef.\nThe Reconnaissance Company today prides itself on having the best field rations in the Knights of Favonius. One staple of their inventory is a moon-shaped pie. Though a field ration, this wonderfully delicious and highly portable food is loved by all who try it.\nThe Reconnaissance Company's designated chef once admitted that when developing this item, she was inspired by the captain's own baked goods. She extended the baking time to make the crust tougher and also substituted a few highly perishable ingredients with ones that last longer, reducing the cost while significantly prolonging the shelf life.\nEven after such a major change to the recipe, the pie still tasted delicious. So, whenever the scouts are snacking, they can't help but wonder: If this is the field ration version, how delicious must the captain's original recipe taste?\nThe answer to this question is buried deep within the pages of a dusty old book in the library. The Lawrence Clan may have been overthrown a long time ago, but they have never given up hope of one day rising again and reclaiming their place as the ruling class. So that they are always prepared for this monumental moment, their offspring are subjected to an educational regime so unbelievably harsh that it is considered borderline abusive.\n"Noble obligations" must be performed to absolute perfection in every possible sense, and these obligations cover etiquette, ritual, and study as well as cooking and other domestic chores.\nIn the eyes of the Lawrence Clan, "Post-liberation Mondstadt lacks etiquette and taste. When the day comes for our clan to seize power once more, there shall be none who are qualified to be our servants. We must be cautious. We must never stoop to the level of the commoners and set foot in the quagmire of vulgarity."\nThe Lawrence Clan's culinary arts teacher was particularly strict. If your dough was missing a half-spoonful of flour, or if your condiment was a few grains of salt short, or if you were two seconds late removing something from the oven, you were likely to be both scolded and disciplined. As far as Eula is concerned, the haute cuisine revered by the aristocrats is just another worthless consequence of people dogmatically following outdated rules.\nFor this reason, the only kind of person who Eula will permit to try her own home baking is someone who she... respects...? No, that would be taking it too far. Rather, it should be someone who she grudgingly accepts "will keep following me around and bothering me, seemingly undeterred by my warnings, despite having crossed me many times to date."\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nBesides traditional etiquette, art is the second most highly prized asset to the aristocrats, known as the "second soul."\nThe "Dance of Sacrifice" — a ritual used by illustrious families to display their nobility — is thought of as the crystallized form of this soul, the prize gem in the ruler's scepter.\nFolklore holds that Mondstadt's most illustrious clans jointly created the Dance of Sacrifice long before the aristocracy's reign of bloodshed began.\nThe third act, which represents the Lawrence Clan, is a solo dance known as "Flickering Candlelight." The most important part of the Dance of Sacrifice, it was performed by the most senior dancer, who was typically the eldest daughter of the clan.\nThe Lawrence Clan would summon top dancers to serve as tutors for the eldest daughter and ensure it was performed to perfection. Bleeding toes were seen as a point of pride and a rite of passage for every dancer.\nThis ancient ceremony was a continuous tradition for so long that even today, long after being expelled by the people of Mondstadt, the Lawrence Clan still honors it.\nHowever, without the grand banquet and the gorgeous stage that once featured prominently in ceremonial performances, the Dance of Sacrifice is now far from the grandiose affair it once was. Furthermore, the stringent requirements regarding the dancer's posture and movements have also been relaxed due to the lack of tutors. In the end, the Lawrence Clan reluctantly decided that it could no longer be a mandatory part of the curriculum, and they relegated it to an artistic pastime.\nOver time, the negative connotations and elitist expectations associated with this dance have faded away, and today it survives simply as a graceful dance.\nAs the eldest daughter of the present-day Lawrence Clan, Eula found it to be a relaxing pastime in her youth and a welcome respite from her other grueling courses of study.\nToday, Eula appears to have put her artistic pursuits behind her. At least, no one pictures dancing when they think of the Spindrift Knight.\nNevertheless, a distinctly dance-like aesthetic can be observed in Eula's bladework, along with an elegant rhythm and musicality that are difficult to capture in words.\nAs her greatsword rises and falls and sways to and fro, her distinctive and graceful poise is like that of a dancer under the moonlight: faraway, immaculate, and sublime.\nGlaciers and Waves:\n\nEula is the bearer of the Lawrence family crest, the "Glacial Seal." It is the highest martial symbol of the clan and represents the spirit of the Lawrence Clan in the early days of Mondstadt before their fall from grace: cold and unsullied, undaunted by any flame, composed and unshaken in all circumstances.\nFew among their number have passed the clan's trials in a thousand years, and the hopes of the clan are passed from one seal-bearer to the next.\nEula was still quite young when she underwent the trial but she passed with ease, taking up the seal in the process. Then she departed with that badge of honor in her possession and has barely contacted the clan since.\nHer icy sword is a manifestation of the strength represented by the seal, striking with the cold, brutal force of a relentless blizzard and driving her foes into retreat.\nYet, sharp and bright as ice as she is, she has the title of "Spindrift Knight," a name that leads many who hear it to assume that she manipulates Hydro instead of Cryo.\nThere is a story behind that misunderstanding — the story of a habit.\nEula carries an exquisitely crafted bone whistle with her at all times. Each time she blows it, the vivid sound of ocean waves rings out loud and clear, far and wide.\nSince the area her company is in charge of borders the sea, reproducing the sound of waves can be an excellent means of disturbing the enemy's judgment, or of deceiving less intelligent monsters into believing that a tsunami is inbound, causing them to flee in panic.\nUsing this unique combat tactic has helped Eula emerge victorious against larger forces than her own on numerous occasions, and has also earned her the moniker of "Spindrift Knight."\nOf course, a bone whistle is capable of imitating many other sounds, and Eula has her reasons for imitating the ocean waves.\nIt would seem that something akin to the "Glacier Knight" should suit her better.\nBut perhaps Eula herself prefers the rolling waves to the cold and unyielding ice...\nRoaming freely across the world, gentle but firm with the reefs and sands in their dominion...\nYes, she yearns not to be sharp and rigid like ice, but to be free and unbound like the ocean spray.\nVision:\n\nWhere do "grievances" come from?\nDire straits in the present? Or the misfortunes of the past?\nAnd what does "vengeance" mean?\nTo right wrongs and rebalance the scales of justice in one's favor? Or to drive one's foes into a pit of agony?\n"Restore the clan's former glory, win the respect of the common folk, stand once more at the apex of rulership"... These things were utterly unimportant to Eula.\nShe never experienced the great humiliation of her clan — and all the torment she had endured in life had been at their own hands. She attempted to free herself from their shackles, yet struggled to obtain recognition from the outside world.\nHer talk of grievances and vengeance was but a habit, a signal, a shield.\nFor someone in her unique circumstances and position, what remarks should she just laugh off, and what ideas should she hold onto?\nHow should she fight this battle to break free, once and for all, from the great burden of her bloodline?\nIt was with all these questions and more circling around in her mind that Eula came under the tutelage of a long-forgotten old outrider. From him, she learned an open-mindedness and down-to-earth persistence that she had never previously encountered.\nBefore grappling with grievances and vengeance, before questions of clan and outsider, she first had to discover herself.\nHer survival mechanism... her means of self-preservation... her grit and determination...\nShe may articulate it in terms of "grievances" and "vengeance," but nothing can change what it is at its core: something both strong and kind.\nEula finally found herself on a gentle path of revenge that was hers alone... and the moment she set foot on that path, there it appeared before her — her Vision.\n~~eula ends here~~\n