Faruzan:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nIf you were to open any Kshahrewar textbook, you will find Faruzan's record penned proudly upon the author page.\n"Faruzan, outstanding researcher of the Akademiya, winner of the Sumeru Puzzlers' League Lifetime Achievement Award, one of the seminal scholars of Ancient Mechanics."\nBut if you were to talk to Haravatat students about their choices, they frown as they speak of Faruzan's current state.\n"Oh, you mean her... Well, her research is... obsolete, and there's no way it'll pass review, so you might as well find another mentor."\nSuch reviews, as disparate as heaven and earth, arouse one's curiosity as a matter of course.\nAnd when asked by her juniors, Madam Faruzan often wears an inscrutable look.\n"Hmm? You mean to ask what happened these past hundred years? And how things came to this pass? Ah, but this is a secret most great. Come closer, and I shall tell you. Yes, yes, closer..."\n—And then she gives them a good conk on the head.\n"First! That curiosity of yours is best served in your studies. And secondly! You shall remember to call me 'Madam'!"\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nFor many researchers at the Akademiya, Faruzan, who has been one of their number since a century prior, has always been a legendary figure.\nIn her brief academic career, she was able to analyze over half the ruins within Sumeru's borders, thereby greatly lowering the difficulty of various further analyses into them and their machinery.\nThe manuscripts and theses she left behind have laid firm foundations for all researchers who would come after, lighting the way for the countless Kshahrewar researchers' pursuit of knowledge.\nHer "end" would also add several layers of mystique to her legendary life, for she would disappear under mysterious circumstances while exploring some ruins, and would never be heard from again.\nEach retelling of her tale would grow ever more mysterious with regard to her disappearance.\nSome claim that she came into contact with King Deshret's ancient knowledge and was secretly imprisoned within the Temple of Silence.\nOthers said that her intellect that had been acknowledged by the gods, and that she had been brought up to the heavens to dwell with them.\nAfter all, people generally believed that a legendary figure should have an equally legendary end.\nThus did the tale drift further and further from the truth.\n"So I made a miscalculation while solving a puzzle, and got trapped in the ruins. What? Is there a rule that says that senior researchers aren't allowed to mess up?"\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nWhat may come as a surprise to many younger researchers is that though Faruzan has made great contributions to the study of mechanics, she is in fact a member of Haravatat, which specializes in the study of languages.\nSimply put, her field of study is "the analysis of the structure of and solutions to various ruin devices via the study of stone carvings and other ancient texts."\nA century ago, the Akademiya's studies into Ancient Mechanics were not yet mature. As such, Faruzan's ability to prejudge the operations of such machines was indeed of great benefit to the act of exploring ruins.\nHowever, as the number of as-yet-unexplored ruins grew fewer and fewer, and the Kshahrewar's understanding of mechanics grew more advanced, this field of research would slowly lose the luster of yesteryear.\nBy the time Faruzan re-entered the Akademiya a century later, no student in Haravatat could even understand her essays, and the mentors could only look at each other in dismay at the topics she would submit for study.\nOn the other hand, there are many students in Kshahwerar who, having graduated on the back of manuscripts she had written and hearing of her present plight, have come to persuade her to join their Darshan instead, only to see little success in that matter.\nA certain researcher even went a bridge too far in their persuasion, making such claims as "in the future, Kshahrewar will be the only Darshan that can do research into machines!" and "the era of interpreting ancient texts is over!" This person wound up being chastised by an irate Faruzan for as long as it would take to sit through two entire classes.\nThey say that that evening, this poor researcher would be nursing some alcohol in Lambad's Tavern, aghast and humbled in equal measure.\nA friend of his from Haravatat spent the whole night consoling him, while plotting in his heart to debate this old fogey and show her what for.\nAlas, Lambad's Tavern would have a new inconsolable drunk the very next day.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nApart from having her topics rejected during review, Faruzan's other major headache is finding a student after her own heart.\nEach time she plans a lecture at Haravatat, the students in the audience either scratch their heads or struggle not to fall asleep as they are subjected to a veritable barrage of mechanics jargon.\nIn a fury, Faruzan will hurl her pointer and begin lambasting her old colleagues in Haravatat for failing in their duties as teachers and training such a generation of juniors.\nHer fury only grows when she realizes that the students pay more attention to her criticisms of folk from the previous century than her explanations of the principles of mechanics.\nAnd when students who have a mind to study mechanics hear that Madam Faruzan would like them to join her, they often express gratitude initially, only to waffle and claim that they must reconsider when they realize, conflict clear on their faces, that it is Haravatat to which they must go.\nOf course, Faruzan never hears these "considerations" — the next time they meet, that student will have already joined Kshahrewar.\nBut there was once, when Faruzan had accepted Tighnari's invitation to investigate some rainforest ruins, when she happened upon the humblest of prayers as she walked: "Oh, great Dendro Archon, please help me learn words faster!"\nThose words were spoken sadly yet earnestly, and even Faruzan was moved: To think that Sumeru still played host to people with such a passion for the written word!\nThat voice did not seem to belong to a child who had yet to read or write, nor did it sound like a researcher of Satyavada Life. And yet this must have been a person of some skill, for normal folk would not be able to delve this deep into the forest alone. Perhaps this person might even have some experience in dealing with machines in the forest.\nFollowing a brief moment of consideration, Faruzan concluded that this was a student of suitable age, fitting direction, and excellent quality — someone worth taking on as a disciple for sure. So decided, she revealed her presence from behind a tree.\nHaving thought that there was no one about, Collei squeaked in surprise, the sound echoing through the woods.\nTighnari was quick to the rescue, however, and following a stammering explanation from Collei (supplemented with interjections from Tighnari), this most major of misunderstandings was cleared up.\nWith time, Faruzan would reacquaint herself with this young trainee Forest Ranger and get to know her better, even bringing her delicious food every time she visits Gandharva Ville.\nHowever, Collei has realized, to her consternation, that the resolution of the misunderstanding has only made Madam Faruzan... more eager to take her on as a student.\nSurely there must be lots of Akademiya students who "respect their teachers and their teachings" and "devote themselves to diligence," no?\nPerhaps even Faruzan has not realized that there is one other thing about Collei that has attracted her attention:\nThat despite having experienced inhuman suffering, she has nonetheless been able to gain the strength to face life.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nEven Faruzan herself cannot speak very articulately about the century in which she was trapped within the ruins, for her memories of it are very foggy.\nThe ruins' origin? Unknown. Its location? Unknown. All she remembers is that it was related to King Deshret's civilization and filled from wall to wall with mechanisms and secret inscriptions.\nThe mysterious power within the ruins had kept her body in a state of stasis, knowing neither hunger nor physical fatigue, yet not wholly able to shake off mental wear.\nShe expended all the writing material she had on hand, yet could not translate a single line of text; used up a lifetime's worth of knowledge, yet could not unlock a single device.\nLying amidst a mountain of manuscript paper, she stared blankly at the cipher-text on the ceiling.\nThey mocked her, these legacies of an ancient deity — scorned her ignorance and the pettiness of the modern person.\nDid all she had studied and prided herself upon, did the painstaking research done by generations of scholars truly matter so little in the face of this ancient civilization?\nFaruzan got up from the ground, picked up a piece of smashed stone, and continued carving upon the tiles.\nAs long as there was life, there was hope. What was unknown today could be learned tomorrow. Civilizations that existed could continue to evolve. Solutions unreached by the people of today would be uncovered by those who would come after.\nEven if this was to be her grave, she would leave some deductions and trial-and-error records behind to grant the next unfortunate, trapped soul some chance of escape.\nThis was the spirit of scholarship — this was why researchers existed in the first place.\nAfter who knows how long, the entire floor, as far as she could touch it, had been filled with the symbols of obscure deductions.\nAfter that indeterminate time, her memories began to grow fuzzy and her consciousness faded, and she began to mutter words none could comprehend.\nAnd at one point — she knew not when — she finally found a way to solve the enigma.\nIn her addled state, she did not yet realize that the true struggle still awaited her, beyond the walls of those ruins.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nFaruzan would have to recuperate for quite some time after her escape to regain consciousness.\nSeeing Sumeru vastly changed from what she remembered, Faruzan almost believed that she was still within the ruins, trapped in some kind of illusion-generated device.\nIt was not until someone from the Akademiya came to confirm her identity using past records within Akasha [sic] and explained the changes the world had undergone during this time that Faruzan began to slowly accept that time had indeed passed.\nThat researcher brought her a Kshahrewar book, and as she cracked it open, she found this written on the title page:\n"Much of the content in this book came from Madam Faruzan's treatises and manuscripts. We hope that her name will still be remembered by future generations of students when she returns."\nAs Faruzan read this text, organized by old friends of hers, she felt as if she could almost see her classmates again, talking and chatting about their futures. Yet this was already something from a century ago.\nThe people she knew, the people who knew her... they were all no longer here.\nShe had returned to Sumeru indeed, but it was as if she had drifted to some strange land instead.\nEven wayfarers adrift may return to their home, but she had been left unmoored on time's ocean, and there was no returning to the past.\nThe poor researcher at her side was trying to pick and choose their words such that they might inquire as to what had happened to this senior from times past without touching any sore spots.\nFaruzan closed her book in silence before speaking of those past events in an even tone.\n"—It was just a failed experiment. Such things happen to us researchers, don't they?"\nNo matter the location, situation, or generation, time would never stop for Faruzan again.\nVairambhaka Gear:\n\nThis multi-purpose ruin exploration auxiliary support terminal, code-named "Vairambhaka," is one of the few projects that Faruzan was able to successfully secure funding for from the Akademiya following her return.\nThis device can perform escort, monster dispersal, sand-clearing, and various other tasks. As per her usual preferences, it also contains various components that can be pressed interactively to relieve boredom.\nUnexpectedly, this travel essential actually wound up attracting the attention of a group of matra. They barged into her workshop without explanation and began to look the Vairambhaka up and down.\nUpon discovering its many seemingly useless components, their suspicions were aroused further, and ignoring Faruzan's protests that they "were just for stress relief," they planned on taking her latest work apart to examine it carefully.\nFortunately, the General Mahamatra, Cyno, arrived in time to stop them.\nAs it turned out, they suspected that Faruzan had been reticent about her mysterious disappearance on account of some nefarious secret.\nThey also believed that she had refused to join Kshahrewar so that she could use Haravatat's lack of expertise in mechanics to build something dangerous.\nAfter all, few are the researchers who have not been seduced by the ominous knowledge that King Deshret's civilization had gained access to. As such, they came flocking the moment they heard that Faruzan was making some machine, as if to fight some terrible foe.\nCyno, armed with records related with Faruzan, was able to dispel their doubts one by one, before apologizing to Faruzan for his subordinates' trespass, leaving one of them to help clear up the mess.\nFaruzan, who was just suffering from a lack of manpower right at that moment, was quite satisfied indeed with that arrangement. Quite liking this General Mahamatra's style, she invited Cyno to give this new machine a name.\nCyno thought for a moment before saying that since it could stir up strong winds and had a connection with the matra, she could call it the "Great Vayuvyastra."\nFaruzan's puzzlement at that could easily rival that which she had shown in the ruins belonging to King Deshret.\nFortunately, one of the matra came to her rescue, mentioning that Kshahrewar already possessed a machine with the same name, thus saving them all what would come if she were to inquire about the "deeper meaning" behind such a name.\nLater, having done her own independent study into how that name was formed, Faruzan would come up with her own name for her newest work — and thus, the Vairambhaka Gear was born.\nVision:\n\nAlthough she has forgotten how she solved that puzzle, Faruzan does have some vague impression about what happened to her as she left the ruins.\nThe first thing she felt was light, stinging her eyes till they shut and causing her to stagger back a little.\nIt was then followed by wind, whipping about her face and flowing across her shoulders like a searing, welcoming kiss.\nHer eyes were closed, and yet she felt that she could see everything, and following the wind she took one step, and then another, toward newfound freedom after a century of being lost.\nSuch a long period of time would have changed the environment and eroded her memory, and she might have failed to find the way home.\nYet she followed the wind's guidance even in her semi-conscious state, and it led her swaying through the wilds, avoiding monsters and hazardous areas alike, until she was assaulted by a familiar yet foreign sensation.\nAs she collapsed, her stomach began to grumble.\n"Ah... Is that hunger? It's been a while, hasn't it..."\nShe had solved the machine, escaped the ruins, but at the end, she had forgotten the most primal of needs!\nThe wind died down, and unable to continue on, Faruzan collapsed, falling into a deep sleep.\n...\nA sudden wind whipped about a merchant caravan traversing the lands at a leisurely pace, getting into one Sumpter Beast's eyes, causing it to turn away and stop advancing.\nThe merchant was about to pull it back into line, only to notice something glittering in the distance.\n"Hey, keep up with the group! What are you looking at, anyway? Treasure?"\n"No, wait... That looks like a person over there, lying on the ground!"\nAnd in the distance, a Vision shone brightly at the side of an unconscious Faruzan.\n~~faruzan ends here~~\nFischl:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nFischl is the Prinzessin der Verurteilung who arrived here after being exiled from the otherworld, "Immernachtreich."\nShe "observes and weaves the threads of fate" together with her talking night raven familiar, Oz.\nOwing to reasons she cannot and Oz will not explain, Fischl now serves the Adventurers' Guild as an investigator.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nAs an investigator for the Adventurers' Guild, the single biggest advantage Fischl has over her peers is Oz.\n"Milady, please stop sending me out to spy on Stormterror. That chap could eat me for breakfast! Well, I'm so puny I probably wouldn't even get caught between his teeth, but... Anyway, I don't want to die!"\n"Hmph! You are supposed to be my familiar. Not everyone gets to be the Prinzessin der Verurteilung's familiar, do you understand? Consider it your honor to dedicate your life to serving me!"\nFischl is able to see through Oz's eyes. Whenever she wants to, she possesses Oz and looks down upon the earth from the sky.\nWhether she wants to inspect the flora on the Stormbearer Mountains or observe a disturbance in Wolvendom, through Oz she can see anything and everything.\nThanks largely to her unique ability — and, to a lesser extent, to her own effort and peculiar personality — Fischl quickly went from the rookie investigator of the Adventurers' Guild to a respected rising star of the organization.\nShe's certainly done well for herself. She only landed the coveted position of Investigator at age fourteen in the first place because her parents managed to persuade the guild master.\nThen again, would they really have had to do much persuading? If she's the Prinzessin der Verurteilung... one can only assume that would make them the Kaiser und Kaiserin der Verurteilung.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nIt's said that there is currently a "Fischl Dictionary" in circulation among the adventurers.\nNamely, a book that aims to translate Fischl's peculiar way of speaking into something more understandable.\nFor example:\n"I hear... echoing in the abyss of time, the burning winds of the old, all of which shape the spire forgotten in the torrents of karma" would translate into "Stormterror's Lair";\n"Servants of the Verurteilung name! As you have requested, prepare to receive the great wisdom of the prinzessin" would be "I'll look into that and let you know ASAP";\n"Rejoice! O, ye servants who long for the blessing of the prinzessin; venture now deep into the battlefield with hearts of the tiger" means that the initial investigative work has been completed;\n"All has been written in this tome of dark prophecies" simply means that her journal has been updated with the latest reports.\nHowever, the "Fischl Dictionary" is actually just an in-joke, not a real book.\nThose who are familiar with Fischl concentrate on what she means to say, not the way in which she says it; she notices this and takes it as a sign of true respect.\n"Aha! So you do understand. Then fate does indeed bring kindred spirits together."\nThose who manage to adopt her speech mannerisms when they respond to her will find she is both delighted and bashful, and praises their language-learning ability.\n"A prinzessin should always give praise where praise is due... Now, let us converse some more. Do not be mistaken; these are to be the foundations of the new world..."\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nOz and Princess Fischl are not only close friends but also servant and master, with a shared soul and fate.\nTheir first encounter was mentioned in "Flowers for Princess Fischl (I): End Time ​Zersetzung​"\nWhen the lone pilgrimaging princess reached the kingdom of eternal twilight, the fate-resisting royals chose to deny everything in their desperation.\nThey refused to recognize Fischl's noble stature and mission as the princess of the Immernachtreich; denied their 13,000-year lineage as a branch of the royal family; and forsook their own nobility and restraints as humans... devolving into clumsy and vicious beasts.\nIn the palace of Twilight and amidst the teeth of the beasts, the princess shed her sacred blood on the ancient emblem.\nAt the moment of her peril, the dark wings of the night ripped the trapped, wounded princess from her despair and took her under its wings.\nFollowing the scent of her noble blood, Ozvaldo Hrafnavins, the King of Ravens came to the princess and pledged his eternal loyalty.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nThere is a story that goes as follows. A long time ago in a place far, far away, there was a tiny little girl.\nThe girl's parents were busy adventurers. She spent most of her childhood in the library, traversing the countless universes that were contained in the pages of the library books.\nShe became the ruler of the Immernachtreich, summoned Thundering Retribution as a royal princess, and formed a soul bond with a Raven...\n...\n"▉▉▉, what books did you read today?" Her parents asked her on one of the rare occasions that they were home between adventures.\nShe proceeded to tell them the story she had read from her favorite series.\n"...And then he said, Fischl von Luftschloss Narfidort, you are the Prinzessin der Verurteilung, my proud daughter. You shall never surrender your nobility and dreams.'"\n"Oh, that's a lovely story. Since you like it so much, ▉▉▉, how about I call you "Fischl" too?" Her father smiled, put his hand on her head and repeated the words from the story to her.\n"Fischl, you are my wonderful princess and my proud daughter. You shall never surrender your nobility and dreams."\nThese kind and loving words lit up her world.\nHowever, the time with her busy parents was always fleeting.\nUnable to fit in with her peers due to her obsession with fantasy novels, she often felt lonely and sad. At these times, she would remind herself:\n"I am Fischl, my daddy's wonderful princess. It's true, because Mommy and Daddy said so..."\n"Never will I surrender my nobility and dreams, for they are... a princess' rite of passage."\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nJust like in the universe of "Flowers for Princess Fischl," entropy begot destruction.\nIn other words: The girl who loved to dream grew up.\nOn her fourteenth birthday, those of her peers who refused to accommodate her quirks belittled her once again.\n"This is but a minor setback for the noble princess. My parents will understand," she thought to herself.\nFor if she knew one thing, it was that as a princess she could never surrender her nobility and dreams.\nBut when she threw herself into her parents' arms in need of comfort, she was met instead with gentle words of exasperation.\n"▉▉▉, you are fourteen years old now. It's fun to make-believe, but eventually you need to grow up and put your childish dreams behind you..."\nAnd with that, the same voice that had once lit up her world now tore it apart.\nThat day at midnight, she hid herself in the library she knew so well. She had a strange feeling that she was being watched... Suddenly, she heard an otherworldly flapping of wings.\nSure enough, she looked up and her red, swollen eyes met with those of a night raven from another world.\nWhat transpired afterwards is another story...\nFischl doesn't much like this story. Thinking about it causes her to feel suffocating pain and soul-devouring loneliness.\nMaybe one day, this story will be written. But that would be ▉▉▉'s story, not Fischl's.\nFischl has but one identity: she's the Prinzessin.\nAs long as she remembers this simple and perfect logic, with a little bit of nobility and a touch of kindness from others, nothing can ever hurt her.\nThings are looking up for Prinzessin Fischl these days — not only does she have Oz, but she has finally met a traveler who, just like her, comes from a different world...\nFlowers for Princess Fischl: Phantasmagoria:\n\nThe novel series "Flowers for Princess Fischl" is available as a collectible set.\nDue the tiny numbers in circulation, it is a priceless commodity amongst loyal fans of the author.\nBut no matter how elegant these works are aesthetically, their worldview remains incredibly bleak:\nEvery good, bright and noble thing must eventually fall to inexorable entropic destruction, and the final destination of the universe is the realm-in-waiting of the Prinzessin, Immernachtreich.\nThis is the fate of all worlds, of the universe, and all who live in it.\nAnd the Prinzessin and her loyal companion, the "Night-Severing Raven Oz," Ozvaldo Hrafnavins, are the World Beasts who will swallow all dreams.\nAt the very end, at the end of karma itself, she will grant all the gathered souls her benediction, and use her Thundering Retribution to cleanse all that is ugly and wicked.\nThe Prinzessin will then set her own heart ablaze, and the universe shall be born anew in its immortal light.\nBut before all this can come to pass, the Prinzessin must first roam many universes, and see countless new sights.\nThus it is perfectly within the spirit of the original work that the Prinzessin should be stuck as an investigator for the Adventurers' Guild in a slightly backward world. Just a little twist of fate, nothing more.\nThe Prinzessin will come to understand someday that each moment of her life, no matter how insignificant their little twists could be, is to be treasured.\nAfter all, the Prinzessin's very own Phantasmagoria is made out of ones such as these.\nVision:\n\nSo, is Oz just an imaginary friend who only exists as a figment of Fischl's subconscious?\nOur story begins with the royal heirloom, ​Edelstein der Dunkelheit​ — that is to say, Fischl's Vision.\nWhen her wish was acknowledged, the raven Oz and her Vision both appeared before her eyes.\nThat night, at dinner, Oz got on most well with Fischl's parents:\n"Ah, mein ​Kaiser und Kaiserin der Verurteilung​, forgive mine overstep, but the beans in your house are too delicious."\n"Oh, then please, help yourself. This is the first time little ▉▉▉ has met a friend she can bring over for dinner since she turned fourteen. This is a special occasion."\n"W—What are you saying! I... One does not simply cavort with the plebeians!"\n—And that's what happened.\nFor all intents and purposes, it seems that the Kaiser und Kaiserin der Verurteilung could both see Oz, and both believed Oz to be the Prinzessin's first friend.\nAs for the "Adventurer Who Bears the World's Curses," the "Visitor From Outer Worlds" and the "Strange Fae-shaped Emergency Sustenance..."\nThey would become the Prinzessin's new friends, though that would happen even further in the future.\n~~fischl ends here~~\nFreminet:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nWhether you're a tourist visiting Fontaine for the first time or an adventurer who's set their heart on finding legendary treasures, you're sure to be captivated by the enchantments of the underwater world. But those who attempt to explore the depths without first undergoing rigorous training or making the necessary preparations are gambling with their lives. Treacherous underwater currents, unexpected bodily reactions, and monsters lurking in the deep... Peril always comes without knocking. Seeking the help of a professional diver is always a wise choice.\nIf you ask people who's the most talented diver around, you're likely to hear the name of Freminet. Even old veterans, bronzed and toughened by long exposure to the elements, never tire of lauding his skills. They speak not only of his familiarity with Fontaine's complex hydrological systems, but also of his prowess in coping with different underwater environments and seasonal conditions, as well as his expert control over his breathing. He seems to swim wherever he pleases — even through caverns deep down on the ocean floor, where no one else dares to venture...\nWhen many people hear this, they suddenly think of something or other that Freminet could do for them. But no matter how great the promised rewards, the veterans always respond the same way – with a shake of the head and a regretful sigh.\n"The boy wouldn't hear of it... He's a nice lad, just a bit too shy."\nThe conversation usually stops here.\nAs Freminet sees it, other people's compliments are as capricious as the weather. He finds it hard to fathom their true intentions, and is constantly worried that he'll put his foot in it by saying something wrong.\nPerhaps his true friends are the Tidalga and Romaritime Flowers that he spends so much time with. They hold a much dearer place in his heart than do reputation and reward, which float around on the surface. When he dives, he stays silent for long periods of time in the company of his old friends, and lets the silence swallow up his fears and anxieties. In so doing, he lets out all the things weighing on his mind, all the things that he can't say to anyone else.\nThe reason he chose to dive was that simple — to find some peace and quiet, and escape everything happening in the world above.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nEven before he received his Vision, Freminet used to love wearing his diving helmet and exploring the underwater world like a penguin.\nHe was never a very talkative child, and whenever something upset him he would plunge into the ocean, leaving his worries on the dry land far above. Over time, the quiet seabed became like a cradle to him, somewhere where he could curl up and feel safe. As the rings of a tree grow outward with each passing year, so too did his curiosity for the underwater world. He listened to the ocean currents with his body, and with each breath grew closer to the water around him. He committed every aspect of Fontaine's hydrology to memory, as if he were memorizing roads around a new home, albeit with far more relish. Eventually, he discovered a place of extraordinary beauty which captured his heart, and built a little secret underwater base nearby. Here, he could let his sunken emotions shine forth with a radiance akin to that of a Lumitoile.\nTo this day, when faced with a particularly thorny problem, Freminet's first thought is to escape to this deep blue sanctuary — so vast and magnanimous that it could embrace all things.\nFree, tranquil, safe, and content... If Freminet were to tell others how the underwater world makes him feel, he would most probably be met with more than a few raised eyebrows.\nBut Freminet would never do this. In his mind, this is his ocean, and his alone. These feelings, hidden deep in his heart, are like sunken treasures buried in the depths.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nIn the eyes of an onlooker, Freminet doesn't have much of a presence, and comes across as cold almost to the point of being pessimistic. He's always silent, alone, and doesn't seem to enjoy the company of his peers. Compared to his older brother — the legendary Great Magician Lyney — Freminet seems as dull as a piece of old, soon-to-be-forgotten jewelry. But he doesn't care what they think.\nA long time ago, Freminet began trying to strip away excess emotions to prevent his being affected by external pressures.\nAs if building an igloo in his heart, he piled up block after block until he had constructed a translucent refuge, and curled up inside. Clutching his knees, the only thing that gave him solace was reading fairytales.\nIf diving underwater was a way to steal a moment of peace, then sealing himself in a sanctuary of solid ice was actually a way to stay warm.\nFreminet would only ever invite his closest "kin" in, and even then, he'd insist on tidying up first, making sure to lock his fairytales away.\nBy the time Freminet left, he'd already turned into a clockwork toy — exquisitely made, yet silent as ever.\nHe once found himself floating on his back upon the waters, unconcerned with his own safety, listening to the unknown songs of Violetgold Angler Gulls circling overhead. In hindsight, it was fortunate that they hadn't mistaken him for a fish...\nIt was in that moment that he discovered how easy it was to just let the currents carry him away.\nNo matter who was asking, and no matter what they wanted, as long as he followed orders unquestionably without a thought for the consequences — like an angler bringing home their catch — he would no longer have to face the endless cycle of castigation and punishment.\nIn the years that children from ordinary families ran about laughing, showing off the latest clockwork toys or picking up phrases from The Steambird, Freminet's heart was gradually becoming numb. Orders filled the void and became like a clockwork spring driving him forward.\nHe used to fantasize about turning into a cold, cruel machine, driven only by the imperative to execute commands. But as he matured, he became increasingly aware of his essential weakness. He wanted to leave emotions behind, but there were too many feelings that he couldn't just cast aside. They would always come back in the dead of night, suddenly gripping him like seaweed wrapping around his limbs. His habit of avoiding problems, his worry that he would not complete his tasks well, his fear of annoying people with his lack of enthusiasm, and his dread of disappointing others — those who meant something to him, most of all...\nHe wasn't an outstanding child, but he simply became hypersensitive to everything in the world he grew up in.\nHe hid himself within a thick shell and yielded to his timidity, until he could only express himself underwater.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nFreminet was born in the Fleuve Cendre region of Fontaine. Each night he would fall asleep to the sound of drunkards belting out off-key shanties, and wake up to the shrill cries of neighbors cursing outside his window.\nFreminet never met his own father, but he heard from his mother that the man was knee-deep in debt. He had little idea what all these numbers meant, and they were as hard for the little boy to conceive as a dinner in the Palais Mermonia. What he did know was that they were the reason his mother worked from dawn till dusk, day in day out.\nWhen he was home alone, Freminet would often quietly fiddle about with the few devices there were in the house — a portable lamp that never lit up, a wall clock that never ticked, and so on...\nThese things had been lying around for as long as he could remember, as if they were guests who had stopped by for a quick rest after a long saunter, but had never woken back up. Freminet found some tools and, one by one, carefully took them apart. To him, the inner structures of these mechanisms were like mysterious labyrinths. Turn this part here, and another would move as a result. Tap that bit there, and something else would spring out...\nWhen he was with these machines, Freminet felt the same way he did when he read fairytales — like he had taken a magic potion that shrunk him down to the same size as the components. He was moving through a world of cogs and clockwork parts where time seemed to pass without his knowledge. These friends of his, silent yet intriguing, kept him company through many a lonely day.\nOne day, when his mother returned home, she suddenly heard a strange noise that stopped her in her tracks. It was the sound of their clock, which Freminet had unwittingly fixed, ticking away almost as if to celebrate the new lease on life he had given it. She caressed his head and praised him, filling his heart with joy. But when he woke up the following morning, the clock was nowhere to be found. When his mother came home that evening, she brought him two slices of a type of bread he'd never had before. He still remembers the taste to this day.\nFrom that day forth, his mother brought back all kinds of different devices for him — everything from clockwork toys to miniature clocks. Freminet liked his new friends a lot, and would spend a long time "waking" them from their slumber, even though they always vanished the following day.\nBut one day, when Freminet ran over excitedly to greet his mother at the door, he had something very special with him — an exquisitely-made music box pendant, about the size of a person's thumb. It had been in such a terrible state when she had found it by the roadside that it was to their great surprise to discover that it still worked.\nA beautiful melody jingled away between them, and seeing Freminet's innocent face light up with pure joy, a rare smile broke out on his mother's, too.\nThis pendant would not leave him, for every evening, his mother would carefully take it off her neck, and together they would listen to its sweet lullaby as night fell.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nOne day, without uttering a word, Freminet's mother took him by the hand and led him away. As he tried to keep up behind her, little Freminet's palm began to hurt from the strength of her grip.\n"Mom, where are we going?" He asked. She didn't reply.\n"Mommy, why are you crying?" He asked her again. She suddenly stopped and let out a sob, but only a single one.\nAfterwards, as if resolved to plunge into the freezing depths of the ocean, she took several deep breaths and continued onward. Not another tear fell, but in the oppressive silence Freminet had a vague sense that an ominous current was about to crash against the reef of his future.\nFinally, they arrived in front of an unfamiliar house. As the thick door opened, it let out a harsh creak. It was the type of door that you intuitively knew that, once closed, could never be opened again.\nStill, his mother remained silent. It was as if her expression, weighed down by her heavy heart, had sunk into a bottomless ocean.\n"Freminet, correct?" Said a woman as she stepped out. "Come with me."\nConfused, Freminet looked up at his mother. He could feel the tide surging beneath him.\nCalling herself the "director", the woman took his other wrist and began to pull him in.\nAll of a sudden his mother's grip tightened, becoming even tighter than when she had led him over. Freminet felt like a boat caught between two waves, completely helpless as they each pulled in opposite directions and showed no sign of letting go.\nAt last, his mother slowly bent down, half-kneeling before him. This was what she would do each day when she said goodbye to him before leaving the house.\n"Be a good boy," she said, kissing Freminet on the forehead in the way she always did.\nThese tender words rose up like a barrier before the jagged reef, instantly turning the raging current into a soft, warm flow.\nSo that's all this is, Freminet thought to himself. Perhaps, like ever and always, this was just to be a brief parting after all.\nHe nodded to set her at ease.\nThe director continued to pull him inside, and this time, his mother didn't try to stop her. Just like that, she let go...\nFor a long time after, Freminet truly believed that as long as he behaved and performed well enough, his mother would come to bring him back home. That her kind face, disappearing behind that thick door, would someday reappear. And parting his fringe, she would kiss him on the forehead once again to tell him how well he'd done.\nBut that day never came.\n"Still haven't figured it out? You were sold to settle a debt."\nAs he grew up, Freminet started to have doubts about where his mother had gone and his own fate. After he finally plucked up the courage to ask the director, this was the heartless response she gave him.\n"You were abandoned, child. This is the only home you have." "If you don't follow orders, your mother's safety can't be guaranteed..." Such were the words of the previous director, callous as spiked shackles, locking his wildest hopes inside that door forever. These invisible fetters left a mark of utter abjection on Freminet. In those days, the ocean depths were his sole escape.\nEngulfed by icy-cold seawater, he always felt that little bit closer to her. After all, when those events had transpired all those years ago, had she not sunk to the bottom of the ocean herself? Yet those waters must have been far colder than any he had ever dived in.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nAfter "Father" replaced the previous director, Freminet's thoughts began to turn to finding his mother once again.\nAt first, Freminet assumed that she would rile up a still greater storm of brutality, for he knew that her methods were brutal, and he expected new orders to be given just as pitilessly as they had been in the past. But he soon discovered that "Father's" way of doing things was utterly different.\nWith "Father," the home was a place of refuge for all the family's children, and as such required a collective effort to maintain. It was up to each of them to complete their tasks in the way that best suited them. Even if they failed, they wouldn't be subjected to the searingly painful punishments they had been previously.\nThis taste of freedom finally gave Freminet the chance to breathe deeply, and he started searching for his mother's whereabouts in his free time.\nBut a long time passed and he still wasn't any closer to finding her.\nPerhaps I really was abandoned, Freminet thought, trying to convince himself to accept reality as he strained to summon the already vague memory of his mother's face.\nBut just as he was thinking of giving up, "Father" threw him a pendant.\n"I found this at the base of operations of those scum. Keep it." said "Father."\nFreminet looked back at her, perplexed, which in turn seemed to confuse her.\n"What it is? I'm talking about those usurious scoundrels. It belonged to your mother..." She frowned, seeming to suddenly realize something. "What were you told about her?"\nFreminet told her what the previous director had said to him, about how he had been abandoned. As he did so, she said nothing, but her eyes began to burn with wrath.\nAfter Freminet was finished, "Father" fell silent for a rare moment. "Do you want to know what really happened?" She asked, fixing him with a piercing stare.\nFreminet nodded almost unconsciously. But once he had heard what she had to say, he wasn't sure which story he'd rather believe.\n"Father" told Freminet that his mother hadn't abandoned him, but on the contrary, had acted to protect him...\nThat year, the debt that his family owed finally reached the point where they would no longer be able to repay it. Those greedy moneylenders had not only forced Freminet's mother to hand over the house that they lived in, but had also demanded that she hand over Freminet as well. But she was his mother — how could she let this happen? In the end, she had no choice but to entrust Freminet to "that orphanage" — somewhere they could never get at him — and then face them alone.\n"This was all I found. As for your mother..." As she looked at the young boy in front of her, still gripping the pendant tightly in his hands, "Father" trailed off and left the ensuing silence to speak for her.\nFreminet's head hung low, but knowing his personality, "Father" slipped out of the room without another word. The boy was left standing there, shaking as he gazed down at the pendant in his hands. It had long since rusted and could no longer produce sounds, and the clockwork components seemed to have been stained dark brown by dried blood. She must have been holding it at the very end, he thought. In his despair, Freminet continued to stare at the pendant, desperately looking for even a thread of his mother's warmth.\nThat evening, Freminet dived down to the bottom of the ocean and let it all out. He couldn't remember the last time he had cried like this. Other than the Romaritime Flowers that wept alongside him, not a soul heard the sound of his sobbing, for the ocean smothered it utterly.\nFrom that day on, his grip on his greatsword tightened. He made an oath to himself that he would never again let another member of his family meet with misfortune.\nTales of a Snow-Winged Goose:\n\nFreminet has been captivated by fairytales since he was a child.\nIn contrast with the real world, the little world inside a picture book is always full of color. Castles can be made from candy, rivers from the juice of Bulle Fruits, there can be talking Hydro Crystalflies, and Redcrown Finches and ragdolls can become the best of friends...\nWhen he closes his eyes, takes a deep breath, and then opens a storybook, Freminet is able to dive into a magical fairytale world – a world where he can push the boundaries of what exists through a combination of reading and his own imagination.\nAs he goes, he picks up on scattered phrases or illustrations tucked into the corner of the page and turns these over in his mind. He learns something new every time he reads, and loves the variety of dazzling colors and textures that different subject matters seem to evoke for him.\n...\nWhen Freminet starts to feel lonely, "Pers the Penguin" waves to him with his black and white wings and slides around on his round little belly as if it were a skateboard. He skids along the surface of the ice until he plops into the sea, challenging Freminet to a fish-catching competition.\nWhen he's feeling timid, "Princess Marcotte" with the long, pink hair stares out at him through the window. He knows that when the princess was but a seed, she rode across the ocean on the claws of a crab, abandoning her birthplace for the promise of a better life...\nWhen he's feeling troubled, the inimitable adventurers "Mr Fox and the Clockwork Guardsman" appear there in front of him, standing side-by-side. Mr. Fox's great big bottle-brush of a tail raises a cloud of dust as it sweeps the floor, causing the Clockwork Guardsman's nose to become all itchy, but he keeps standing there, as straight and tall as ever. "Everyone faces challenges," they say to him. "Don't let them win. You're a brave, brave kid."\n...\nEven as he matured and grew older, Freminet still stubbornly held on to the fairytale world of his childhood.\nHe truly believes in these beautiful stories and the friends he met in his books.\nIn Freminet's heart, they really do exist in that poetic dreamland of his. There is a place where sadness and worry cease to exist, and all that remains is the unending sound of joyful laughter. It's a place where dreams come true, and justice always triumphs.\nBut of course, he can't actually reach out and touch the things in this imaginary world. Perhaps he'll find a way someday though...\nVision:\n\nThat day, Freminet and some other children were out on an underwater mission. At first, everything went perfectly smoothly, just like it had done on countless other occasions.\nAll of a sudden, however, Freminet noticed that something was off.\nCreatures that know their own weakness always seem able to stay focused in places of great peril, and Freminet is no exception. He has always been skilled at self-reflection, even to the point of picking up on minute changes in his breathing. Without them even being aware of it, his unique powers of perception have helped them evade all kinds of danger.\nFreminet made an emergency gesture to his friends telling them to surface. He still didn't know what the actual peril was, but his nerves had taken hold and his heart began to beat faster and faster.\nHis friends didn't object and, with Freminet at their center, the group began to ascend.\nFor these children, who had yet to receive the gods' favor, ascending was something that had to be done slowly. But at the same time, the feeling of unease in Freminet's heart was becoming unbearable. His vision grew hazy, and he couldn't tell whether it was the reflection of some monstrous leviathan or a sign that he was on the verge of fainting.\nNo. Wait. The diving equipment was malfunctioning! Was it just him? If not, how many of the others were affected?\nHe tried hard to open his eyes, but he was gradually and uncontrollably slipping out of consciousness.\nNo, I have to lead them back, he said to himself. As long as my arms and legs keep working...\nHe began to feel sleepy.\nHis thoughts were becoming sluggish... If this carries on, he thought, I'm never going to make it to the surface.\nEven if I make it, what good would it do? That thought suddenly flashed through Freminet's mind. I'd just go back to living day after day after day, eternally devoid of hope.\nHe felt tired. Tired of forcing himself to keep going.\nHe was unsuited to having so many "family members." There was no real warmth or feelings between them. They were simply a motley crew of clockwork meka, each of a slightly different model and outward appearance.\nPerhaps the seawater was where he belonged after all. To drift off into blissful sleep... Was it really so bad? He gradually let his eyes fall shut.\nA sound suddenly jerked him back awake. Freminet... Freminet. The voice was slow, solemn, and seemed to be coming from the other end of the earth. It also carried a slight stutter.\nPers?\nFreminet stretched out his arms to a blank landscape in front of him, opening his eyes in puzzlement.\nThere was no Pers the penguin in this underwater realm. The children had all slipped into a dreadful torpor.\nI must save them all! Freminet screamed without making a sound. So what if we're not all of the same mind? I won't abandon anyone in my family! No matter what hazards lie ahead, only with the courage to put life itself on the line will I live to see the blue sky that comes after the storm.\nIn that moment, his body seemed to be imbued with power, and even his breathing grew easy once more. He quickly swam over to his companions, who were each of them drowning...\nIn the midst of a tempest, he saved all of his friends — a miracle of heroism worthy of the legendary Pers from the stories he so loved...\nIt was only then that he realized that a Vision as clear as crystal now hung from his divesuit.\nHe never told a soul what really happened that day. After all, true heroes aren't in it for the recognition.\n~~freminet ends here~~\nFurina:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nIt is unlikely that travelers from other nations will understand why the god of this land is regarded as a "superstar" unless they set foot in the Opera Epiclese.\nWhether at performances or trials, she will always be in the seat reserved for her above the audience, laughing, scolding, falling into hysterics, to the point where more often than not she makes a stronger impression than the action onstage.\nPeople buy tickets to indulge in new sensory experiences, and in this regard, Furina is by far more popular than the absolute justice that Neuvillette represents.\nThe forms respect can take are not limited to just lifting one's eyes up to a being above, and the unique form of respect Fontainians have for Furina is perhaps described better as "affection and fondness."\nShe is not perfect, and may not even be very powerful, but while onstage, she is the personage the people trust the most, for she never disappoints.\nAmong Fontainian literary circles, there is a popular saying that Furina is a memory of spring never-fading, present in the hearts of all. And who does not wish for an eternal spring?\nSpring is transient, but she is ever there — follow the stage lights, and you shall see her.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nAs the icon of the Opera Epiclese, Furina has the right to speak freely during all stages of a trial.\nMost of her questions are born from her curiosity and often have tenuous logical connections with the case at best, which at times can provoke raucous bursts of laughter from the audience.\nBut just as one might begin to suspect that Furina is just there for laughs and gags, and lacks even the capability to grasp the case in its entirety, she throws out opinions worth their weight in gold.\nOf course, there are also times when she will express little interest in the whole process due to having earlier eaten snacks ill to her liking or missed some parade, but it is said that audience members lucky enough to be there are still pleased with this, as a god who speaks in anger is equally enchanting.\nThere is but one circumstance in which she will not appear to act quite so willfully, and that is when she takes the stage as an actress in a musical.\nFontaine has a great many musical theater classics passed down from antiquity that are, from time to time, performed at the Opera Epiclese, with key roles being played by the most popular actors of the day.\nBefore such productions are put on, there is a phase during preparations that resembles nothing so much as a lucky draw, where the troupe will send Furina an invitation. Should the mood strike her, she will agree to appear, resulting in a stage shared by a god and humans.\nOnce Furina has agreed to participate, the performance date for that show becomes a Fontainian festival in its own right, so popular that the Opera Epiclese couldn't possibly meet the fervent demand even if they sold nothing but standing tickets and were filled to capacity.\nAnd when the music sounds and a god takes the stage, the audience will see not their lovable deity, who does as she pleases, but the character in the script.\nWhether majestic or valiant, conniving or covetous, Furina is a dab hand at playing them all, perfect down to the last gesture, as if she were born to act.\nAnd it is because of her record of wondrous performances that she very much deserves to be called "superstar" by her people.\nEven a famous reporter from The Steambird who had barely squeaked their way backstage was completely awestruck, such that it was a long while before they remembered the interview questions in their notebook.\n"Lady Furina, might I ask how you were able to attain such great mastery acting as an Archon, though no one has ever seen you practice?"\nFurina's reply was proud, albeit uncharacteristically simple. "Why, because I am a god. Next question!"\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nCases and performances take up a great deal of Furina's time, and even without these two things, she still shows up for all kinds of social activities and dinner parties related to government business and diplomacy.\nOf course, social engagement is usually the limit of her remit, while the real behind-the-scenes work, and sometimes even certain important speeches made during these interactions, are handled by others.\nFurina is quite thankful for these proxies, for she has heard that her life of leisure is a rare privilege in a world where most other gods have an endless parade of duties large and small to attend to.\nShe once considered that it might be right to set a... godly example, so to speak, and so she attempted to take part in the Palais Mermonia's day-to-day work when she had an excessive amount of free time on her hands...\nHowever, her offers were respectfully yet consistently declined by both humans and Melusines, who insisted that "there are no great duties at present that need to be handed over to our god."\nThough these words did make her glad, of course, after a few attempts she quickly realized how impractical it would be to use the work of the Palais Mermonia to escape her boredom.\nFurina actually has another hobby, known to very few, and that is playing with little animals.\nFontaine's waterscapes are vast and beautiful, as well as blessed with innumerable adorable creatures. For one who always finds herself interacting with humans like Furina, this serves as an excellent change of pace.\nHowever, animal habits are inconsistent and unpredictable, and Furina's carefree attitude always seems to rub them the wrong way. As in the "if she's not being blasted in the face by Hat Jellyfish, then she's being pursued to the ends of the ocean by Hunter's Rays" kind of wrong way.\nIt can be argued that the underwater world is more primitive and wild than the surface world, considering how little respect the animals here give a god on account of her status alone.\nNonetheless, Furina did eventually discover the animal for her ministrations — the sunbathing, beach-loving, horizontal alignment-enjoying Blubberbeasts.\nCheek squeezes, belly rubs, and even flipping them over, then over again, gets at most a turn of the head and noiseless protest.\n"Hmm? You like it? Hehe, so do I!"\nA few mild miscommunications aside, they have since become the best of friends.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nAlthough Furina does tend to give people the impression of one prone to wandering thoughts and only tangential concern for the rules, she does have strict standards — in certain circumstances, anyway, especially before or after performances.\nEverything must be to her satisfaction, be it the make or color of the props, the timing of the brightening and dimming of the lighting, or the pace and rhythm of the music.\nAs such, sharing the stage with a god is not some shortcut to glory, but one paved with blood, sweat, and tears, to the point where even the stories of a hard-to-please superstar prima donna fond of shows and with theatrical swagger to spare has reached even the lowliest street stalls.\nIndeed, there was once a famous troupe that won the chance to perform with her, and pretended to agree to her exacting demands, only to default to methods they were more accustomed to during real rehearsals and performance prep.\nThe troupe director was confident in this method, believing that given Furina's personality, she would be most willing to back down on said demands if she were appropriately flattered and saw that everything was already complete and thus too late to change — a most excellent way to save effort and trouble.\nBut when the director began moving their props to the Opera Epiclese, he found Furina there, directing another troupe as they set up the stage rigging.\n"Why, hello. You didn't seem interested in my opinions, so I arranged to perform with a different troupe."\nThe director was stunned. He had planned for Furina to discover the "flaws" in her view only after setup was complete.\nBut he could already tell that the stage sections that had been constructed precisely in accordance with her directions were significantly superior. Ordinary audience members couldn't necessarily tell, of course, but to professionals, the difference was always in the details, and these were obvious at a glance.\nStill, this director was unwilling to simply turn back, criticizing Furina for not adhering to the spirit of contractual obligation by not informing them beforehand of her contingency arrangements.\nFurina would not let this villain cast the first stone, instead scrunching her face into an expression of disbelief.\n"You don't really think I'm that much of a gullible fool, do you? Guards! Send them on their way."\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nRound and round the interminable performance went, the day of the curtain call ever beyond reach, but so long as the prophecy loomed, the tale of this god must go on.\nThough Fontainians found no real reason to doubt Furina over the years, she knew that the collapse of trust could begin with a single crack. No matter how small, once it appeared, it would be irreversible.\nAnd the consequences of being exposed would be to reduce all her long years of work to dust, to allow Fontaine to fall — that was unconscionable!\nSo she did her best to laugh loudly when she should be glad, and weep bitterly when she should grieve, and display the divine bearing of an Archon when it was time to show off, all without fail, all without rest.\nShe knew that this was a performance. If she could endure until the danger had passed, she could finally take off her mask and regain the freedom to express her feelings.\nYet, she slowly began to realize that the godly role she was playing was eating into her.\nA horrifying doubt began to creep up on her — how should she react when glad, if not to laugh loudly?\nPerhaps she was once a girl who did not much enjoy laughter. Perhaps she had once been the sort to give up on herself at the first sign of difficulty, but such emotions had already slipped away, bit by bit.\nThose in the performance arts often say that one must become a character to play them.\nFrom that perspective, Furina's performance as the Hydro Archon has been flawless. Her painstaking perseverance produced the perfect product.\nBut no one has ever spoken of what might transpire once the last light had dimmed, for to them, the stage is fleeting.\nFor one such as Furina, who has acted for far too long, even the path back offstage has faded into dust, buried by the sands of time.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nThe crisis of original sin was resolved, and Fontaine came under a new order. The affected areas were gradually rebuilt, and the people held high hopes for the future.\nFurina was the only one with no place in this new world. She was quick to pack her bags and leave the Palais Mermonia, nor did she return to the Opera Epiclese.\nShe simply wanted to leave the memories that brought her so much pain as far behind as possible, and she was uninterested in the debates surrounding her — the Hydro Archon's tale was over, as it should be.\nBut where should an actress who had finished her part and fulfilled her duty go? None could say, and the concept of "freedom" rang hollow.\nFurina's luggage remained piled up in her new rental apartment, and she lacked all will even to tidy up or get moved in. All she could do was lie in bed and stare at the bare ceiling.\nThose she knew had very quickly found their place in the new order. Whether due to their strength, duties, or friendships, their importance made them irreplaceable.\nIn circumstances such as these, didn't "free" simply mean being someone who no one needed?\nJust as she had reached this conclusion, her new residence received its first guest — Clorinde the Champion Duelist.\nThe duelist was shocked at Furina's living conditions, quickly expressing her willingness to pay for better accommodations, a notion Furina expended no small amount of effort disabusing her of. Despite this, she was dragged, however reluctantly, into at least properly unpacking and tidying up the room.\nClorinde then explained that she was here to invite Furina to a gathering. The duelist rarely took part in social events, but this gathering was one of old friends, who, as it happened, also knew Furina, and whom Clorinde had not seen in a while, anyway, so she thought she'd extend an invitation.\nIn days past, Furina would certainly have refused, for the greater the intimacy of her association with others, the more difficult it would be to conceal her true identity.\nThe duelist smiled as Furina guiltily lifted her eyes, having seemingly already guessed the latter's feelings as well as her old reasons for snubbing such events.\n"I don't suppose you have any reason to refuse now, do you?"\n"Well... I'm not very good at this sort of thing, so, um... Don't you think I'd, you know, be a bit of a wet blanket?"\nThat night, Furina finally got to experience what it was like to revel and drink with friends. In truth, she was cautious at first but was restored to her normal self within two cups — indeed, so much so that at one point Clorinde had to restrain her from leaping onto the table.\nFor someone as reticent as the duelist, the real Furina's explosiveness was quite the surprise.\nAs for Furina, she still knew not where to go, but if nothing else, she now knew that "freedom" did not mean solitude.\nSalon Solitaire:\n\nFurina once found a relatively unknown book in a library of Fontaine, and the story's main character was a servant working in an opulent mansion.\nThe idealistic young Mademoiselle Crabaletta, following a newspaper advertisement, came to a remote manor in the mountains to apply for employment, and despite her clumsiness, became a maid there all the same.\nThe Master of said mansion did not appear often, and though his loquacious surintendante and etiquette-minded gentilhomme managed it in his absence, she led a carefree life there.\nNone of the manor's attendants had been to the city in quite a long while, and so the maid taught them to sing the latest songs, play the latest tabletop games, and thus the servants grew closer and enjoyed one another's company.\nThere was but one ironclad rule, which was that none should approach the heavy wooden door that led three floors underground, behind which was locked a secret that only the Master of the mansion was privy to.\nThough the maid was curious, she treasured her vibrant life there too much to pry. Time passed quietly, and one day, they were told by the gentilhomme that the Master was about to visit, and so the servants hurriedly began to prepare.\nThe banquet was akin to a festival, and laughter and cheer filled every corner of the mansion — at least, until the Master was late the second day, and upon investigating, the maid was to discover his already-cold corpse.\nThe Gardes narrowed the suspects down to the servants, but the maid, convinced that the Master's death had something to do with the mansion's secret, at last decided to open that forbidden gate.\nTo her surprise, what awaited her on the other side was the mansion's main hall, upon the central stairs of which stood the all-too-familiar surintendante of the house. The words she spoke, too, were bizarrely known to the maid.\n"Ah, you must be our newest applicant. Crabaletta, I believe?"\nFurina was quite dumbfounded when she read that, for the story here recalled similar events in her memories.\nShe admired the happy lives of the maid and the other servants, and the maid's courage in facing down the ancient secret to defend that life.\nLater, Furina dreamt of that same mansion. In her dream, she was Crabaletta, huffing and puffing as she ran to that door of secrets, and, with one deep breath, pushed it open.\nBehind it was a torrent of seawater that drowned the mansion in an instant, dissolving all in its wake — the Gardes, the surintendante of the house, the gentilhomme, and even herself.\nFurina woke with a start, looking around her to gather her wits, and the rest of the story sprang to her mind, unbidden...\nCrabaletta made use of the time loop triggered by opening the door to solve the mystery of the Master's death and discover the mansion's secret, freeing all its inhabitants from an ancient curse.\n"Thank you, Crabaletta."\nShe thanked the brave, stalwart girl for giving that tale a happy ending.\nAnd as for several vivid figures from the story, they would eventually be given lovely forms, that they might be by Furina's side.\nVision:\n\n"If you become human, you can reveal your secret to no-one. You will face suffering and loneliness... Is this still what you want?"\nBy a twist of fate, the musical "The Little Oceanid" which nearly died before it could live, got the chance to be performed, and proved a resounding success at the Opera Epiclese.\nFurina, standing in for the real actress, played the heroine Clio, who sacrificed herself to guide the freshwater upon which human survival depended back to them.\nAccording to the script, she was not to take up the Vision that would appear before her as she disappeared, but instead allow it to fall into the ocean depths alone.\nBut during the actual performance, a real Vision appeared, and it belonged to Furina.\nVisions are usually objects that appear in response to humankind's most fervent wishes, but this one, in particular, seemed more like a reward for her past deeds.\nAs Furina grasped it, its reflected radiance seemed to contain her heart, filled once again by this performance.\nPerforming had, in the past, brought her much pain, to the point where she had turned her back on the stage, but she indubitably understood the glory and brilliance of the stage best of all, and could give those who chase their dreams on the stage her matchless guidance and support.\nAs to the question of what to do next, which had plagued her for so long, she now had a clear answer:\nTo see this world from the perspective of the audience, and create the greatest performances without stepping onstage.\nNo longer would her attention be focused only on musicals — as long as it's related to performance, Furina is interested in taking part from behind the curtain.\nAlso, it is worth mentioning that though she seemed quite calm upon receiving that Vision, so much so that she even managed a few fine words, upon leaving the theater troupe, Furina immediately set off afterward to avenge herself on the "Local Legend" she had once angered by accident... which ended quite poorly for her.\nShe returned home, dejected but not defeated. She spent all night studying her Vision, which ended up causing the entire building to flood.\nAnd once she had finally cleaned things up together with the Salon Members, she received a final missive from the apartment manager.\n"No pets allowed in these apartments — not even if they are a Gentilhomme or Surintendante."\n~~furina ends here~~\nFlins:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nThere is a small isle in the central-southern region of Nod-Krai that has earned the name "Final Night Cemetery" on account of its lonesome, dismal air. Few visit, and merchant caravans only sometimes loop far around it. Jutting above its soil is a lighthouse languishing in disuse, where only the spirits of the dead consent to dwell, it is said.
Amidst the deathly silence, only one living soul remains. This gentleman tends to introduce himself as such: Flins, a warrior of the Lightkeepers, the awardee of a civilian commendation medal in recognition of his squad's efforts in repelling Abyssal creatures.
The incident he mentions happened a long time ago. Though no one had stepped forward to organize it, the people had wordlessly agreed to express their gratitude this way, and so the heavy medal had been delivered to him, placed in a timeworn box.
A solemn reward, one might think, but considering the casualties from that operation, Flins believed that not even ten medals could make the losses worthwhile. The squad once had seven or eight members, but now he was the only one left on the island.
Apart from occasional business and the odd monthly purchase, Flins rarely shows up in town. Fortunately, this has not stopped the townspeople from remembering him, for he was easier to communicate with than they had imagined. Even his dull, boring clothes are made memorable by his elegant, decorous speech. No wonder people are curious — unexpected people and matters are always more eye-catching, after all.
Most talk to him out of curiosity, albeit restrained by politeness. Curious about his past, people of all sorts have invited him to join gatherings to share old Lightkeeper stories. These he tells splendidly, such that many gazes have drifted downward when he reaches the saddening segments of said tales. This has led to many audiences not being willing to touch on his old scars any further.
The residents revere Flins's occasional sorrow, unaware that this sorrow is another manifestation of distance — the audience's guilt becoming the teller's shield. Once someone feels this sympathy, the various narratives they have heard will take on meaning, convincing people that his melancholy deserves time and space. Whether out of courtesy or concern, no one should continue to pick at a good person's wounds, surely.
No one despises the good people around them. The residents feel this way, and so does Flins. He is fond of those who are both interested and sympathetic, just as people enjoy the heroic tales he repeatedly tells. From another perspective, viewing each other as good people is an exceptional social strategy — a well-told heroic narrative is always dazzling enough to conceal all the mysteries that lie behind it.\nCharacter Story 1:\nFlins tells many stories, despite not being much of a storyteller. This image is far from, even contradictory to, the social identity he strives to maintain, for stories spark curiosity, and he doesn't want to spend too much time on curious visitors. Fortunately, he's a flexible fellow and doesn't feel depressed about the discrepancies in his real life.
The old lighthouse's door would often be knocked upon in the misty mornings, to which Flins would feign having just woken up. Though there were many possibilities for who the visitor might be, he wasn't entirely without clues — the lonely island rarely saw visitors in general, so those willing to come by fell into a few categories: Those with unwavering determination, those seeking help, or those undaunted by trouble.
Not many people fit these categories, so he could immediately think of the following individuals. First was Lauma, Maiden of the Frostmoon Scions, who had come bearing a Feast of the Moon a few weeks prior. Despite his repeated refusals, claiming a lack of preference for dining at home and no capacity for establishing faith, she had nonetheless spent twenty minutes speaking to him. Then there was Jahoda, an employee of the Curatorium of Secrets' lady boss. She affected the look of a capable sort while at the door, an image undercut by her having come because she had gotten lost upon arrival on the island — indeed, by Flins having already saved her from falling off a cliff, completely unbeknownst to her. Then there was Varka, who had never spoken of his profession but was widely recognized as a knight. That said, Flins's experience with him was most akin to that which he had with tourists, for Varka had once come to the lighthouse to borrow supplies after his luggage was knocked over in a battle with monsters near the island, and later came back by boat to return them. Finally, there was Illuga, a fellow Lightkeeper, a righteous young man who, worried that Flins might die alone on the island far from their headquarters and human knowledge, regularly brought various supplies and work documents to check on him...
Flins opened the door to find an unfamiliar adventurer standing in front of the tower. Just the previous day, he had purchased a peculiar gemstone from this person at the general store. The seller had spent at least ten minutes spinning tales to drive up the price of the stone, but they had met their match — Flins was a dab hand at both gemstone acquisition and crafting stories himself. In the end, they settled on a price ten percent above market value, though the seller then hesitated, saying they needed some time to find a better box for the gemstone so it could be presented more elegantly to its new owner.
The visitor appeared nervous and took a while before speaking: "The shopkeeper said you've been collecting gems and ancient coins, so I must be honest about something. As you can probably tell, someone of my experience couldn't possibly obtain a gem of this caliber alone... According to my family's inherited notes, it was a gift from a noble to my ancestor, and it's extremely precious. I wouldn't be selling it if I weren't in financial difficulties. So, I'm feeling somewhat reluctant to part with it for good..."
Perhaps in their imagination, Flins, as the buyer, should have been angry at this point. So when he praised them instead, they were extremely surprised. A few minutes later, they had fully accepted that praise and left to continue their adventures, carrying both money and the confidence that they would surely make a name for themselves somewhere in the future. As for the previously discussed topics like "You seem to know about this gem, Mr. Flins, sir. Have you seen it before, then?" and "About that noble, sir, there isn't much written in my family's notes. Could you tell me more about it?", the adventurer had already put them out of their mind.
The story of the jewel itself was long and plain — little was lost by not hearing it. Besides, Flins did not want to talk about anything else today. He simply wanted to take a good look at this long-lost gem.\nCharacter Story 2:\nIlluga was standing outside the door.
Flins poured out two glasses of water and brought a pot over. Illuga watched him curiously.
"Two glasses. I'm guessing they're both for me?"
"Dear Young Master Illuga, you have traveled a long way. Is it not only natural that you should have two cups of water? Indeed, you may have a third, or even a fourth. The pot is full."
"Not going to drink any?" Illuga asked.
"I'm not thirsty."
Illuga continued with this topic, as if there were nothing more normal in the world: "You never get thirsty easily, and drinking alcohol seems more like a ritual than an interest to you. Could it be that you prefer drinking plain, tasteless water?"
Of course not, Flins thought. He detested tasteless water the most. However, he maintained his composure, brought over chairs, and they sat side by side in front of the lighthouse, basking in the sunlight.
"Last month, my colleagues asked me if you dislike sunlight, since you only seem to be active at night. They also asked when the last time you contacted the old man was. Also-also, why does everyone say they never see you come by, yet we hear that you not only visited but left without a trace?"
"Well, now you can see me, just sitting here idly at the lighthouse entrance." Flins glanced inside the tower. "My, you drink so quickly. My hospitality is lacking, it seems. Perhaps I should've brought you a whole bucket instead."
"It's been a long and tiring journey, as you said. Besides, if I didn't come running along every so often, this place of yours would wind up feeling too lifeless. And also, we need to sync up mission details with you."
"These words don't quite mean what they appear to, just like this 'they' you speak of may not even exist. All these questions are ones you wish to ask, in truth. Isn't that right, Young Master?"
"Heh. Alright. Let's go with this one, then. Why do you call me 'Young Master'?"
"You're clever and capable, and you know how to ask questions in a roundabout way, wrapping your curiosity in such politeness that no one feels offended. Your social graces would do nobility no shame, and so you've earned a suitable title."
"And if I'm a Young Master, what kind of person would be called a Lord? Please tell me more about that noble story you didn't finish last time, sir."
"Alright. Last time, we spoke of the era when the Belyi Tsar yet ruled, when the nobles were besotted with their balls and banquets. In those days, sociability was a currency most sought after. Such events not only exposed people to new knowledge, but also provided opportunities for, amongst other things, treasure and fine wine to be purchased. There were always some at the edges of this merrymaking who never danced, and they were more often not those here to find something special. Amongst such people were many whom one might call 'lords.'"
"Why do those social occasions you mentioned sound like some resale market?"
"And why would it not? The attendees are the same old faces. Friends might be second-hand, dance partners too, and antiques likewise. And grand gestures are not necessarily needed to acquire treasure. One could bet on how many rounds it might take for a person to get drunk, and win an item from some collection for betting well."
"And what would that reward be?"
"Who knows? People tend to see only what they wish to, and everyone names different prizes. However, the day prior, someone claimed that his ancestor had once attended the Deepwinter Cocktail Ball — quite the distant event, that. He then made a bet with a noble lord of the fae who had little interest in the party, wagering that a dancer would get drunk before they had emptied their fifth cup. He won, and thus obtained a gem from said noble lord, who rather admired those of keen intellect."
As he spoke, Flins gestured for Illuga to look at his palm. A brilliant ice-blue gemstone lay there.
"...I'm guessing you just received this."
"What a fine piece of merchandise it is."
"Call me an overthinker, but I get the feeling that your pile of stories is being prepared for second-hand resale at some point."
"Dear me, no. I would not sell it for money, no matter how dire our organization's financial straits. In any case, I doubt it rates too high in your eyes, Young Master."
"If it were so valuable, would that noble truly have given it away? Or are you suggesting that the fae nobles of Snezhnaya were so high-minded that they would all accept defeat with grace?"
"Hard to say, I fear. But a noble who valiantly honors their word could never have been too evil." Having said this much, Flins gestured toward the inside of the door. "I really should bring that bucket over, Young Master. You look like the phantom of one who died of thirst."\nCharacter Story 3:\nIf you were curious and observed all this, you would inevitably wonder... Was Flins telling the truth? The answer is no. But when asked if he was lying, the answer would, surprisingly, also be no. That which he spoke of, rather than a lie, should be considered a legend of which not all was told. For protagonists of legend, though marvelous in deed, did not always leave behind names.
Let us return first to the time of the Belyi Tsar and that ball. The fae noble who showed little interest in the banquet and ultimately gave the jewel away on the pretext of losing a bet was named Kyryll Chudomirovich Flins. The recipient was Sokolov, a complete nobody from southern Snezhnaya, whose descendants would later become members of the Adventurers' Guild. The only connection between the two wholly unrelated parties was the "Tear of the North," said to have been formed from the courage of Snezhnayan soldiers fighting in the northern territories, capable of protecting its bearer. Kyryll received it in the days when the Tsar bestowed many gifts upon the nobles, and after he gave it away, Kyryll himself vanished without a trace.
Local legends have it that the noble who vanished — Kyryll the Azure Flame — was originally a blue flame that guided fallen souls across the icy plains. A flame will eventually go out, and while Kyryll did not stay at court for long, he was present for the transition of power from the Belyi Tsar to the Tsaritsa. There are only so many reasons for his departure: Dissatisfaction with the Tsar, or with the Tsaritsa, or perhaps he said something he shouldn't have and was purged for it. Some even say that his disappearance has nothing to do with politics. That his fire simply went out, having reached the end of its natural lifespan, and thus was never seen again. Not everything has to do with politics, so such people say. Could anyone put a number on the happenings at court, in any case?
Kyryll Chudomirovich Flins's family crest and surname remain in the register of Snezhnayan nobility. He once was a member of the royal court, but never had any followers of his own. Gradually, the flames of Snezhnaya were completely replaced by red ones, and the regions that once enshrined blue flames also fell one by one. People eventually accepted the red flames burning across the icy plains, just as they accepted the new regime.
Flins the Ratnik had once heard these tales of Kyryll. He clapped his hands, praising the mystifying atmosphere that had to be created to set the stage for a legendary tale, claiming that hearing interesting stories was one of his driving motivations for collecting ancient coins and gems. He has never been stingy with showcasing his collection, and indeed, Nikita, chief of the Lightkeepers, has had the fortune of viewing it before. But Flins often says that the collector's hobby is not expensive. People think so because they only see the shocking prices the most famous gems fetch, without realizing that those are the rarest of specimens — the vast majority command no such great sums.
Take the "Tear of the North" from the story, for instance, which happened to be in Flins's possession — a happy coincidence, of course. It was beautifully transparent, yes, but it lost out to a still more storied gemstone due to its lack of added value. The recipient, Sokolov, had considered selling it, but couldn't get a good price. The gem had then passed through who knows how many generations before finally fetching a decent sum.
As for Kyryll, the noble repeatedly mentioned in the tale... Well, were there ever such a noble, he most likely departed due to displeasure with the regime change. Where he had gone was of little importance to the people of this world. Legend has it, after all, that Snezhnayans held no one to be indispensable save the Tsar and Tsaritsa in those days. So if Kyryll were at divergence with some policy or another, departure was perhaps his best option.\nCharacter Story 4:\nTime slows to a crawl during the night watch. With nothing else to do, the Ratniki guarding the camp gradually developed a habit of passing the time with cards and chess. When Flins came to submit a report to the sergeant major, he happened upon comrades of his gathered together, not yet asleep. He stood at the side and watched, a look of great interest on his face. After more than an hour, his colleagues finally noticed someone in the darkness besides them. After recovering from their shock, they decided that their lighthouse-keeper colleague must not be skilled at cards and enthusiastically offered to teach him over a few rounds. Flins played the part every well-mannered, reserved card game novice should — first declining, then taking a seat at the table, performing curiosity and restraint with utmost authenticity.
Although the Ratniki invited him to play, they had no intention of going easy on him. As far as they were concerned, it was perfectly normal for a newcomer to lose a few rounds at the card table. However, what happened next was quite strange. Whether novice or veteran, everyone seemed to lose their sense of judgment that night. Their battle set the scoreboard ablaze, deadlock reigning over all as the game dragged on.
This Flins was a fine fellow Ratnik, certainly, but how could he hold out for so long without losing? The veterans frowned, quietly gathering behind him to peek at his hand. But at that moment, Flins, his mask of sincerity flawless, played two somewhat subpar cards even as he praised card games for "testing one's tactical acumen."
At this point, his colleagues finally breathed a sigh of relief. He'd lost! Well, losing to Olav was no surprise. But he'd played decently earlier. Could it be that he wasn't a beginner after all? Who were his usual card game partners in that case? The frogs, stones, and spirits lingering by the lighthouse?
Flins stood up to shake hands with his opponent, the apologetic look on his face seeming far from feigned: "Mr. Olav, I accept my defeat wholeheartedly. Your card skills are truly remarkable, and although this was just one game, your spirit and demeanor speak for themselves. If you ask me, it's already a great honor that you were willing to play against a novice like me."
"Really?" Olav happily stepped forward and firmly shook his hand. "That wasn't an easy win, I must say. Your luck was truly formidable."
"How else could I have survived until now?" Flins spoke subtly, with just a hint of sorrow in his words. Everyone then recalled that brutal battle, and they patted him on the shoulder, comforting this brother who must surely have once had to mourn his fallen comrades alone in the dead of night.
"Brother, take this deck of cards with you. We'll keep a seat for you, too — come back and play with us when you have time," his colleagues said.
"I'm afraid this pastime does not entirely agree with me." Flins smiled politely, but accepted the gift nonetheless.
He stayed quite late that night, and when he left the next day, a misty pink hue hovered on the horizon. Olav saw him off, and there they happened to run into Nikita and Illuga, who were returning to camp after completing their mission. Flins stopped beside them with his lantern, nodding respectfully.
Nikita glanced at Olav and understood at once: "Played cards together, did you?"
"Indeed. Just joining in the fun, you see. I was given a deck of cards, too — would you be up for a game, Illuga?"
"Next time at the lighthouse, probably." Illuga smiled. "You know, Dad was just saying he hasn't seen you in a while, by the by."
Nikita suddenly asked Flins, "Did you learn anything?" Standing off to the side, Illuga thought this question was abrupt, yet interesting. What could a card game reveal? Had Olav been slacking off? In his mind, Flins, who had never been the sneaky sort, was suddenly more mysterious than any ghost. How could there be a Ratnik who had never played cards before?
Flins lifted his lantern, the blue flame illuminating Olav's face. For the first time, Olav suddenly found something strange: The flame in Flins's lantern had always been cold blue, yet he had never seen anyone else purchase a similar one. What kind of fuel did Flins use?
"Mr. Olav, I believe, is a most patient and composed gentleman. He never once complained about my slow card play, and I suspect he's quite the skilled hand in the field. Using stillness to overcome movement, steadily achieving victory... Such traits surely manifest beyond the realm of card games."
Ah, Olav thought, deeply moved. Surely Flins meant what he said — a dab hand at identifying others' strengths, indeed.
Nikita looked at Olav earnestly, bringing to his mind the last time they had such a conversation. They had been discussing work assignments, and Nikita had suggested that he take up the challenge of becoming a squad leader.
"Even someone who's only played one game of cards with you says so, Olav. You should have more trust in my judgment, no?" Nikita said.
A comical situation often arises when many people discuss the same thing, where those who know each other too well are, in fact, less likely to adopt each other's suggestions wholesale. At such times, an unfamiliar voice's interjection can simplify matters. This was one such moment — for Olav now grew in confidence. Nikita was right, surely. Why wouldn't he be an excellent tactician? After all, even Flins, distant as he was at his lighthouse posting, could see that.
Nikita visited the lighthouse a few days later. He had come specifically to thank Flins. Olav had always lacked that last bit of courage needed to push forward, and Flins's loss at cards had proved most fortuitous.
"You did me a favor." Nikita brought him some supplies. "Take these. Even if you don't need them, they can help you keep up the pretense."
"Pretending might just become my favorite thing to do." Flins took out the cards his colleagues had given him. "Interested?"
The card game proved a drawn-out affair. Nikita struggled mightily, while Flins was clearly enjoying himself.
"I hope my gratitude is evident. I mean, I'm even playing against a former noble in a card game his people excelled at." Nikita smiled wryly. "Which is harder, then? Winning at cards or pretending you can't win?"
"Both are easier than pretending to be an ordinary person." Flins played a card. "Sorry, I win again."\nCharacter Story 5:\nKyryll Chudomirovich Flins is a fine name. "Kyryll" might be used to claim some noble standing worth noting, while "Flins" is not so ancient and not too special — all the better to claim mere coincidence should anyone notice some shared nomenclature. The person himself is most pleased with this name and has used it in various ways up till the present.
The noble Kyryll did indeed leave Snezhnaya. The wise believe that there is nothing new under the sun, and tales of nobles choosing self-imposed exile when powerless to change the political picture are old hat indeed. To say that Kyryll has lived twice is no boast either. If one views sleep as death, and awakening as new life gained... This, too, is nothing new.
His slumber began in a corner of a distant land. His self-imposed exile had set him free, and having lost his anchor, he traveled southward along the railway, through endless snowy plains, through prosperous towns, and across desolate frontier lands. He was without a care — he had no destination, nor anything he had to do.
The humans passing him by were quite the opposite. As latecomers to Snezhnaya, they had too many desires to fulfill in a few mere decades of life. They were always in a hurry, planning out better lives and hoping to achieve great things in this new era. But Kyryll had long felt that he might not belong to such a time.
It was under the lighthouse on a small isle that Kyryll the Azure Flame found his destined tomb, though one might also call it a bed to his liking, or a most lovable coffin. He had never intended to end his own life, merely to casually toast this monotonous world once, then go to sleep. He recalled the cocktail parties of yesteryear, of his noble colleagues gathering to discuss some passe questions. At the time, most fae lamented the transfer of imperial power, and wished for some river of youth springing eternal that might preserve the authority of Snezhnayan imperium forevermore.
They spoke of immortality and eternity with longing and envy in their voices, much like how humans would discuss their fae lives. Kyryll was unsure as to how he had responded then, but he might have said: "To never again fear anything — how could such serenity possibly exist within the confines of a finite life?"
Atop a stone altar, Kyryll transformed into a ball of fire and sank beneath the earth, beginning a slumber that would last hundreds of years. As his eyes closed, a thought suddenly came to mind: If he never returned to the mortal realm, and instead stretched himself infinitely within his finite time through self-imposed exile, then this sleep would become eternity. Hah. Eternity, precious beyond price, found by one who had cast himself out. Imagine that.
Kyryll's slumber was no trivial matter. He made thorough preparations for it, selecting stone slates and laying down an altar, sealing himself in using the most ancient rituals. No mean price would it take to reawakening this flame, and its location, rarely visited by humans, made it less likely to be disturbed. However, this foolproof tranquility, this death-like slumber, ultimately vanished in the thunder of a rainy night.
The soft sound of blood splattering upon the paving, the dull noise of metal cutting through flesh, the din of sharpened claws piercing bodies and striking against stone slates... Kyryll could not help but be awakened. Though hundreds of years had passed, his hearing remained as sharp as ever.
Above his resting place, a unit of those named Lightkeepers battled the Abyssal Wild Hunt. Newly awakened from his deep slumber, Kyryll was indifferent to this. Not a single tongue of outer flame flickered. Had he been in human form, he would not have been seen to lift even an eyelid.
That was a moment the Snezhnayan rumors mocked. "Souls wandering the ancient frozen earth shall ultimately be guided to the far shore by blue ghost-fires." Even with his eyes closed, Kyryll could witness that scene: Warm human blood seeping into the stone altar, like some grand and ancient ritual. A mortally wounded warrior, collapsing upon the sacrificial sanctum and tracing the symbols on the stone slate with fresh blood. The warrior understood nothing of the fae script written upon it, nor could a person at death's door confirm if the lifeline before them was timely come or not. So with his final breath, he prayed, beseeching any who could hear to descend upon this place and scatter the storm-cloud of death and despair rolling toward them.
Kyryll must have smiled at that moment. The fears the nobles harbored had, in the end, borne fruit. How could such a lasting dream exist in this world? Blood and souls had paid the price, and the azure flame was now reawakened. This should have been a grand, glorious moment, but the moribund supplicant knew it now, nor the distant monsters or the deceased. Indeed, most who would recognize that blazing fire had themselves passed on long ago. Such was the end of Kyryll's slumber, of which he had expected much, in this silent place of death.
A colossal blaze scorched the skies as it erupted from the small island.
How could serenity possibly exist within the confines of a finite life? Only death, glimpsed through the blue flames, is real.\n"Skeleton Jigsaw":\nOne room inside the lighthouse at the Final Night Cemetery has been converted into a showroom. Most of this space is filled with Lightkeeper-related records, mainly consisting of hefty files and documents. However, on the shelves of one wall, those ordinary-looking document boxes contain something entirely different from the usual records.
If you are fortunate enough to receive the owner's permission and open these boxes, you will discover his rather peculiar private collection — the "Skeleton Jigsaws."
Each puzzle set consists of miniature skeletons Flins has meticulously carved by hand. The materials are quite diverse: Fangs from beasts, fossilized bones of ancient creatures collected from ruins, and, of course, thoroughly sterilized monster carapaces from the occasional capture.
As for the final, reassembled products, they are based on the various monsters he has encountered in Nod-Krai.
For him, this is not just a game, but also a way to organize and review his post-battle experiences.
Picking up an almost completed model, he will slowly rotate it under the light, as if appreciating a work of art. Each component is an "answer" to a moment in combat. Thus, piecing them together is like transforming a bloody encounter in his mind into an orderly, interpretable, and elegant simulation.
Once the model is perfectly assembled, Flins will contentedly place it in its box, affixing a label bearing the date and opponent. Another "question" has been thoroughly understood and solved, putting him in a good mood.
These are his "Skeleton Jigsaws" — both a pastime and blades he wields to dissect the Wild Hunt.\nMoon Wheel:\nThe young Ratnik Illuga encountered the mysterious Mr. Flins while following orders from Starshyna Nikita to conduct business in Nasha Town. Flins had a brilliant gemstone pinned to his solemn, dark outer clothing, an all too eye-catching accessory in that tiny shop. Illuga's first glance thus fell not on the man himself, but on the gem.
"Mr. Flins, you must have quite a sum in savings. Otherwise, such a gem must've been hard come by indeed."
"Oh, this? I got it at an auction. It just looks pretty. Remember the story I told you? Some gems are all show and no substance — they can't fetch a high price at all."
"Did no one bid against you?"
"Well, most people don't know a good thing when they see it, for which I am grateful. There'd be no need for me to attend auctions otherwise, I suspect."
"Well, all the less reason to believe you don't have savings. Might you have had a distant relative who left you a large sum of money?"
Flins's face grew grave. "I hope you can keep this a secret, good sir. This must not be revealed to anyone, especially to our colleagues."
Being kind-hearted by nature, especially in front of others, Illuga felt proud to keep his colleague's secret and readily agreed. However, months later, Illuga found himself quite troubled by the sense that he had been completely taken for a ride. The city auction house claimed that they had never seen a gem of that description before, and that Flins had not attended one of their events in quite some time.
"You spun me a yarn, didn't you, Mr. Flins? The auction house says that they haven't had any fine gems come in recently."
Flins raised his pot of water. "First, have a little water to cool your temper. I never expected you to go ask around."
"Should I say that you consider me a friend, or that you don't... Either way, not every secret shared is the truth."
"Is it gemstones you'd like, then? Perhaps my distant relatives still have some in stock."
"I'd like to give my old pops Nikita a valuable gift. He's taken good care of me since I was little, you see," Illuga confessed.
"Now, that might take some time, but I suspect you will obtain something similarly good sooner or later. Having distant relatives come forth with gifts... That sort of thing will likely happen to you, too."
Thus it was that Flins shared the true origin of the Moon Wheel with a cup of water and moonlight at night, a thing he rarely did. It had come to him on a night like any other, appearing suddenly in his showroom. At first, he, like Illuga that day, believed that this might be some gemstone he had forgotten about. In truth, it was the best gift the world had ever given him.
"An unexpected gift," indeed. Its style perfectly matched his coat, provided the perfect cover for his power and flames, and served as a conversation piece to share with colleagues as the sun set.
As to whether Illuga believed his words, or when he might gain a "gemstone" of his own... Well, that was up to this up-and-coming young fellow to figure out — slowly does it, and all that.\n~~flins ends here~~\n