Gaming:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nGoods flow through Yilong Wharf round the clock, and the merchant convoys and their cargo have need of guards to escort them through the various regions of Liyue to other lands.\nSince ancient times, such escort work has been no easy task. Even in an era of relative safety on the roads such as this, any one escort run could involve any number of variables.\nPerhaps this employer might change the route on an ad hoc basis, or perhaps that customer will nitpick and refuse to accept the goods, never mind how the roads do not lack for all manner of petty crooks if one is fortunate, and big-time bandits if one is not.\nAlthough the Sword and Strongbox Secure Transport Agency has no shortage of capable, skilled staff, were you to comb through all their roster, the only one among their ranks who can keep clients happy while beating any brigands down is Gaming.\nThe merchant guilds, for their part, are quite eager to have this young, competent guard to escort their cargo, and Gaming is no less popular on the streets outside of work than he is in his professional capacity. Indeed, any and all friends of this busy fellow will rate him two thumbs up.\n"It was a piece of cake! Come see our Wushou Dance when you're free! Don't worry, just enjoy the show, and we'll call it even. Thanks in advance, haha!"\nWhenever someone on the receiving end of his help wants to return the favor, this will be his jocular reply.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nGaming was born in Qiaoying Village, a place famous for its tea, and his ancestors had been tea farmers for several generations, only switching to mainly selling tea leaves during his father Yip Tak's time. With his parents working together, their business was getting better by the day, and of course, any father would hope for his son to succeed him in the family business.\nThanks to his father's hard work, at least Gaming no longer had to experience the backbreaking daily grind of farm work, nor would he have to start a business from scratch. But as they say, "like father, like son" — Gaming turned out to have his own ideas about which road to tread, just as his father had chosen to diverge from Gaming's grandfather's decision to keep growing tea.\nThe two were at an impasse, with neither accepting the other's view. Only Gaming's eventual departure from their home put a stop to the arguments between father and son.\nFor his next haunt, Gaming chose the bustling Yilong Wharf, having planned out how he'd make his living a while back — through a passion of his that had burned since childhood, Wushou Dance, of course.\nFilled with enthusiasm and confidence that created complacency, the young man blazed through creating all the relevant props, even printing flyers introducing himself and booking performance venues... He planned to plant his feet first in Yilong Wharf, then conquer Liyue Harbor, and finally, to introduce Wushou Dance to Teyvat at large...\nSuffice it to say that the diligent youth's passionate pursuit of his dream sent all of the business startup funds he had saved up before leaving home up in smoke, leaving him quite broke in short order.\n"Making Wushou Dance your career? As if! Forget making a living, hah, you'd be lucky not to starve!"\nHungry as he was, Gaming now understood his father's words.\nWith the mindset "What's done is done, let's focus on getting a meal first," Gaming had little choice but to find a job that could put food on his table.\nFortunately, fate has a habit of giving right after taking. Lantern Rite was just around the corner at the time, and the good-hearted young man led a Fontainian merchant to the Sword and Strongbox Secure Transport Agency just as a lead guard was fretting over a manpower shortage. Gaming took the opportunity to recommend himself and was promptly taken on as a temp employee.\nThanks to his daily Wushou Dance training, he had a strong foundation in martial arts and tenacity in the face of hardship, and was promptly asked to stay on as an official guard for hire after finishing that escort run.\nAll in all, that definitely counted as feeding himself through Wushou Dance... right? That was how Gaming saw it, anyway.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nLanguage is one of the most important tools for communication between people, and Gaming's distinctive way of using this "tool" is especially interesting.\n"Well, my friend, I do hope you stay in warm waters and on the wall."\n"Why, you ask? Well, warm's just the way we like it, and your wall's a good fit, isn't it?"\nAnd whenever the other party gets confused, Gaming will try supplementing his explanation through different methods, complete with various gesticulations to demonstrate his point.\nThis manner of speaking, he explains, he got from his mother, who married into Qiaoying Village from afar, and to whom he was quite attached after his birth. He would follow her just about everywhere, and in his doings and interactions with others, he would pick up many of her habits and interests.\nNothing to do? Get some dim sum. Feeling hot and woozy? Brew up some cooling tea. Eating a meal? Got to have some greens... and no, melons and fruits are not greens.\nThese habits are not ironclad, of course. If a friend came up with some new suggestion, he would be game to try it out. People from all lands were brethren, after all, and it is Gaming's way to treat all with sincerity.\nHe can easily shoot the breeze with just about anyone in Yilong Wharf, young or old. At first, most think his polite speech to just be pretty pleasantries, but after some time, they will find that he is being perfectly earnest. He will introduce the itinerant handyman Duqin to work opportunities, assist the ever-busy Zhigui, fetch medicinal wines from Liyue Harbor for his fellow guards, and even get Dip Yeuk to give a Suanni-themed toy to a child whom he himself has never met, all because Dip once mentioned that the boy liked watching Wushou Dance...\nPriceless is the friend who knows your heart, and so everyone returns the favor to this big-hearted lad. They always invite him to come in and rest his feet when he comes by with a delivery, and there is always a seat for him at a dim sum table — well, on the condition that he doesn't say "I'll foot the bill."\nGaming often claims that he'd never have gotten far in Yilong Wharf without everyone's help, but those familiar with the humble, earnest lad know that he would have been fine no matter where he was.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nPractice makes the professional. As such, no matter how busy work gets at the transport agency, Gaming will take time to train.\nAt meals, Gaming may be found tussling cheekily with his colleagues over dishes, wielding his chopsticks like a seasoned duelist, while under the table his knees are bent in a low horse stance, sturdy as a mountain. After the cargo is packed, he will rarely get a cart to move it to a warehouse but instead will lift it all himself, box by box, to train his arm strength.\nThe lead guard knew that their work was hard and laborious, and so from time to time would call for suggestions on items that might be added to the office for relaxation purposes.\nSoft beds, comfortable pillows, Genius Invokation TCG decks...\nAt that moment, Gaming cleared his throat and said: "If possible, could we have some Plum Blossom Poles installed in the front yard so we can train better? Bet if we firm up our fundamentals, it'll make our work a whole lot easier!"\nHis words were met with silence. Everyone was just discussing where to go after work, and here was someone saying that overtime was the best break. Why, this was a crime most heinous, and "punishment" was in order! So they gathered about him like bees in a hive, some "screeching," others "pleading," still others pretending to "advise" him, laughing and cavorting.\n"Have mercy on me and accept my apologies, brothers, and thank you for giving me my minute of glory. How about this, then? How about I treat you all to some dim sum? Will that make amends?"\nThis sort of horsing about happened every so often among the guards, of course. Everyone knew that Gaming wanted the Plum Blossom Pillars for Wushou Dance practice, and everyone was just playing along with him, wagging their tongues and fingers and feigning their reactions so his birthday surprise wouldn't be spoiled. In truth, they had already stacked those pillars up outside — all that remained was for them to put them up together.\nDuring their downtime, Gaming also often invites his fellow guards to take up Wushou Dance, and everyone has indeed tried it at least once on account of it "looking totally dope," though almost none have persevered for long, with one of them even joking that:\n"If we put suffering on a podium, we guards would get bronze, Wushou Dance masters silver, and Gaming would get gold, since he does both!"\nNot wrong, in truth.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\n"Our kid from another family." This is the highest of the glowing evaluations Gaming has received from the streets of Yilong Wharf. And little wonder. He's a mature and decent sort, and having left his home, he has earned his status and reputation without relying on anyone else.\nOnly those aunts and uncles who saw him grow up know that he was once the notorious "demon king" of Qiaoying Village.\nIf he wasn't climbing up the roof tiles, he was grabbing at the bird nests in trees, and he would go into the fields with the adults to harvest tea, to the point where his father paying damages to the neighbors for those incidents was practically routine.\nIn truth, however, he climbed up the house beams to help his father store a private stash of Mora, and he rummaged through bird nests to help his mother collect feathers for head ornaments, and he was thrashing in the fields trying to capture pests and harmful bugs...\nAs an oddball, Gaming's head is always full of strange, bright new ideas, leaving others quite dumbfounded, and so his parents only ever spoiled him more despite his mischievousness.\nHaving heard that a somewhat famous Wushou Dance troupe from Yilong Wharf would be performing in Qiaoying Village, his father had handed work over to his assistants long beforehand, preparing to get Gaming one of the best seats to the watch the spectacular show.\nBut on the day of the dance itself, he tarried too long at the tea table as he dined on dim sum with his friends, and by the time Gaming had pulled both parents before the stage, it had already been ringed by spectators thrice and thrice again. There would be no watching the Wushou Dance today, it seemed.\n"Daddy's a cheat and a fibber! You said we'd go see the big Suanni!"\nThere was no comforting him by this point. Even attempts to placate him with promises of purchasing toys were drowned out by his cries.\n"Little kids who don't listen to their parents will get eaten by the Suanni! Check out how fierce it is!"\nSo saying, Gaming's father lifted the boy atop his shoulders. At that moment, the Suanni onstage leapt onto a tall pillar, and it turned and looked, locking eyes with Gaming.\nAll at once the boy stopped crying, staring with wide eyes and open mouth at the dance taking place onstage. After the show had ended and the crowd dispersed, Gaming continued to gaze back in the direction of the stage the whole way home. Only then did his parents see that something was amiss. Could he have been frightened so by the words spoken previously?\n"Ah, Gaming, no need to be scared. That wasn't a real Suanni! There were people inside, and they don't eat children..."\n"Daddy! I wanna watch the show again! I wanna be like that big Suanni. Raaaarr!"\nFrom that day forth, Gaming, once whimsical (some might say half-hearted) in all his fancies, became utterly consumed with Wushou Dance, often badgering his father to take him to see shows, and his indiscriminate mischief-making gradually turned to (what he thought was) meticulous and well-planned Wushou Dance training.\nAt least eight bamboo baskets became casualties of his road to mastery in lifting the beast's head, cruelly felled by kicks.\nAs for the various rice and soup spoons that went missing around the house, they were no doubt taken to be used for drum practice, dragging not a few basins and benches down with them.\nOnce, Gaming went with his father to purchase a batch of new tea from the farmers, when a bamboo basket was passed to him, he performed a "Suanni's Salutation" on reflex, raising the basket and beginning to dance. The tea leaves were scattered everywhere, and Gaming wound up being chased around the village with his father in hot pursuit. And when the father finally returned, pulling his son by the ear, their meal had already gone cold, and the mistress of the house had long been waiting expectantly at the door for their return, rattan rod in hand...\nIn spring, autumn, winter, and summer, his parents would sit at home, his father nursing some tea and his mother snacking on melon seeds, and watch their son jump up and down, beast-head in hand...\nIt is a pity that such days, so ordinary they could not be more ordinary, can now only return in dreams.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nChildren really do change as they grow up, and that little child engrossed in watching Wushou Dance grew to become a spirited youth. The one thing that did not change was his passion for Wushou Dance, and still he dreamed of making it big in Liyue Harbor one day. But compared to Yilong Wharf, things were different there. In Liyue Harbor, Wushou Dance was seen as a new-ish folk practice that originated in Chenyu Vale — it was appreciated, sure, but it was no money-maker, and certainly not ingrained in people's hearts in the same way Liyue opera was.\nThe more Gaming's father watched his son bustle about tirelessly, the more he worried about the youth's future, and not a few times did he speak seriously with the boy about the difficulties of starting a business. And each time, Gaming would retort that staying in business was harder yet, and declined to succeed his father in the tea leaf business. In earlier years, when his mother was still around, any impasse between the two could be broken up around the dinner table, but after she passed from illness, it was as if the glue from this father-son relationship had come unstuck, and they grew distant.\nGaming's father blamed her falling ill on the immense amount of labor she had put into starting the business with him, and by extension, himself. If something were to happen to their only son, how could he ever face her? And thus, when Gaming was once again injured when practicing Wushou Dance, he could take no more, and gave all of his son's equipment away, leaving only the beast head his wife had made. To his shock, Gaming left without a word the very next day, taking said head with him.\nIn truth, his son's departure did not only leave him angry, but also stewing in a melange of emotions and wavering reflection. He had in fact been constantly asking those close to him at the Communications Office to help take care of his son over the years, but whenever Gaming came up in conversation, his words could be brutal and blunt — nor would he put aside his pride to proactively mend relations.\nLeong, an assistant to the business, would write to Gaming come every festival, discussing some awkward matters that were neither here nor there — and of course, even a witless twit could guess that he was doing so at the behest of Gaming's father. Even so, Gaming was not as headstrong and free-spirited as he often appeared, and he never exposed Leong, instead going along with the letters, even asking after matters at home, intentionally or otherwise...\nTo Gaming, reading Leong's letters was akin to defusing a bomb, and in truth, he sometimes hoped to receive nothing at all. Just as he once feared that the villagers might come and say "Your father's on his way to give you a good whooping," he now feared that someone might say "Your father was at home when he had a fall"... Whether then or now, no news was good news.\nThus did father and son continue to be stubborn, each seemingly convinced that the other would understand them in time... Gladsome was it, then, that ever-ardent Ms. Xianyun would intercede before such reticence could turn to regret. With the bridge she built, and with the aid of able allies, Gaming's father was finally able to center himself and find calm, finishing watching his son's masterful, exciting Wushou Dance performance. From awkwardness to active dialog they went, and at last, they were again able to open up to each other, with Gaming's father accepting his son's career choice.\n"Well, remember to come watch next time I perform in Liyue Harbor."\n"I don't need you to tell me that."\n"In that case, don't chat too long over dim sum, or you might not be able to squeeze your way in when you come late..."\n"You rascal!"\nTo My Boy, Gaming:\n\nGaming doesn't like reading, but he has kept a book under his pillow for years. Tucked inside its pages is the only letter his mother ever wrote to him.\n"...The thing I'm most worried about after I'm gone is that you and your father will get into arguments every day. All this agitation is simply no good for anyone. Don't blame your dad, he's more bark than bite. He's just concerned that you'll have a tough time on your own in the future and doesn't want you to go through such hardships. Do you remember that time when you sprained your leg? Your father was so anxious that he ran frantically to the physician, with you on his back. He was worried sick, and he secretly cried under the blankets that night. You are a big boy now, do show some consideration for your dad and let him have his way sometimes. Don't quarrel with your dad if you can help it..."\n"...Don't worry, I'm not against you learning Wushou Dance. In fact, I'm glad that you found something you like and enjoy doing while you were young. But you have to promise me to be careful and not force yourself so you don't get hurt! And please be careful not to eat anything too heaty, cold or raw, and don't be too picky about what you eat and drink... Remember to wear more layers when it's stormy and raining, don't neglect keeping yourself warm just because you want to look cool!"\n"...As you step into society, you have to stay true to yourself. Don't let yourself or others down. The worst thing you can do is to make empty promises and be someone who is 'all talk, no action.'"\n"There's no harm in knowing more people. If you find a friend who you can really connect with, you absolutely must treat them well with a sincere heart. It's not about the number of friends you have but the quality of your friendships. You should count yourself lucky if you find someone you can rely on. I know you won't want to talk to your dad about things that are bothering you, so just find a friend whom you can share your woes with. No matter what you do, don't bottle up your feelings, and definitely don't do anything silly, alright?"\n"I'm feeling a little tired, so I'll take a rest now. I know I always say, 'You little rascal, I wish I'd given birth to a chunk of char siu instead of you,' and you always sulk when you hear it... But I want you to know that you're not a little rascal and that you're so, so much better than a piece of char siu... You will always be my little boy that I cherish and love most in the world..."\nJudging from the creases, the letter has been opened and put away again and again. Placing it between the pages of a book was indeed a clever way to preserve the letter.\nThe book in which he kept the letter had been used by his mother as a coaster for her teacup, and now that it had passed down to Gaming, he too had found a new purpose for it.\n"Mom actually told me I should read more. Please, has she ever opened the book herself? Oh, oops, pretend I didn't say anything! Otherwise, Mom will give me a good whacking in my dreams!"\nGaming never cries when he talks about his mother in front of others. He knows she would have wanted him to be optimistic and happy and move on with his life. And that's exactly what he did.\nIt's just that the wind always blows sand into his eyes when he's alone and when he's thinking about his mother, even when he's in his bedroom, where there's neither wind nor sand.\nVision:\n\nA certain question had always vexed Gaming — what does a Suanni look like, exactly? Having asked his seniors, he found out that they had never seen a real one either, and they had relied on their teachers to hand down the art of Wushou Dance to them. If he really wanted to find out, it was going to be an adventure unto itself.\nRandom chance allowed him to borrow a few old texts about the solitary Suanni hidden in the mountains from Xingqiu. Several nights did he do battle against the unfamiliar words that rushed his position like a relentless army of ants, only to be defeated at last, remembering only a few key phrases like "fierce," "majestic," and "untamed."\nA giant beast of most heroic bearing indeed! He was sure that if only he could lay eyes upon it, he would gain much inspiration for his Wushou Dance performances. It was with this belief that Gaming would often poke about the locations the books mentioned. And when he came to Mt. Lingmeng, he sensed an oppressive aura about, as if a pair of eyes hidden in the bushes were watching him. This was it, Gaming intuited.\nBefore dawn broke the next day, he made himself presentable, and brought his favorite beast head and a big bag of food offerings into the mountains. Suddenly, a strong gust blew by, and before he could react, a dark shadow had swooped about him, looping around him in circles. He immediately closed his eyes and clapped his hands together, stating his intent in a reverent and loud voice.\n"O Great Suanni, Gaming greets you! I came here simply to witness your majesty... and I brought lots of good food for your enjoyment, too! Now, ah, if you don't mind, could I open my eyes?"\nHearing no more movement, he slowly re-opened his eyes, only to witness a large... difference between how he had imagined a Suanni to look and this cute little creature that sat proudly upon a giant stone.\n"Whoa, seriously!? You're so tiny! And cute! Who's a good Suanni? That's right, you are! C'mon, let me give you some headpats, and..."\nIn his excitement, Gaming overstepped and displeased the Suanni, and though it was indeed very small, it had an extraordinary energy about it, and like a furious flame it jumped all around the young man until he grew dizzy, the items he had brought dropping from his hands. Almost unconsciously, Gaming grabbed at the beast head and began dueling the creature. What the Suanni would do, Gaming would imitate, and so they continued from daylight till dusk — to a bystander, they might even have seemed like playmates meeting again after a long separation. Finally, the Suanni seemed to acknowledge him, and as it shook its head about, a shiny stone popped out of its mane.\n"Really? A Vision, too? Is this what they mean by 'good things come in pairs'?"\nCarefully did Gaming approach that stone, finding it to be an absolutely real, positively genuine chunk of ore that had only shone under the glare of the setting sun.\nAh, a misunderstanding, then. It was a shame, of course, but it did not dampen his mood — indeed, it was from this moment that the "Mighty Mythical Beasts" troupe was formally founded.\nFrom that day onward, Gaming and Man Chai were inseparable, and he quickly forgot about that whole Vision affair...\nSome time later, Gaming was escorting a merchant caravan when he encountered a ruthless gang of bandits. The merchants advised him to retreat — lost cargo could be written off as a cost of business, but lost lives could not.\n"Hah! I've never been able to stand those who steal and rob for a living. Even if I wasn't on the job, I'd give them a piece of my mind, and as it happens, making them regret their life choices is my job and I'm on the clock. You go first, boss, and I'll hold the line here. I guarantee not one crate will be lost, nor will a single hair on your heads be harmed!"\nThus did Gaming go one against ten, and though he sustained numerous injuries, he persevered until all the brigands were bound, and both the Millelith and his colleagues had arrived, before allowing himself to slump over.\nThe merchants would later inspect their goods, only to find that, indeed, not a single item was missing, and there was even something that had not been in the manifest — a Vision.\nThey wrapped the item carefully before having it delivered, alongside the thank-you plaque they gave Gaming, to the Sword and Strongbox Agency.\nGaming was caught completely off-guard by the gem, with only surprise and not gladness registering in his heart, which was instead overwhelmed with a series of questions.\n"What, really? Is this mine? I mean, I was just escorting some goods, nothing special. I mean, don't I do that every day?"\n"Should I return it? But to whom? The caravan? No, wait, they said it wasn't theirs... Could it have been... that no-good low-down crook's?"\n"No, no, what am I thinking! Well, in that case... I guess this Vision really maybe probably might be mine, then?"\n"But I've heard that they have to do with strong wishes. I didn't get it back when I was dancing in front of Man Chai, and now I just... randomly got it on the job. Does that mean... that I was always meant to be a guard, but I was led astray by Wushou Dance?"\n"Is this a hint that I should give up on it? In that case, I'd rather not have this Vision at all!"\nThis lasted until he got the wrapping cloth off the plaque—\nAnd then he saw it, shaped as it was: like a beast of good omen, ears and eyes on the alert, seeing and hearing all.\nThe defeat of these crooks, he realized, was a deed that made him akin in spirit to the monster-subjugating Suanni.\nOnly then did the doubt clouding over Gaming's heart clear, and in response, he cleaned his hands on his clothes before accepting this Vision with all due ceremony.\n~~gaming ends here~~\nGanyu:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nThough many in Liyue are fascinated by life in Yujing Terrace, its day-to-day operations and rules are a mystery to them.\nThey are aware that the Liyue Qixing are the cream of the crop who hold the fate of the city in their hands, but the calculations and data behind the Qixing's every decision are far harder to grasp.\nThe people understand that the new policies announced each year will change the dynamics of the market, yet none can comprehend how policy is plucked from complex meeting minutes and compiled into something easier on the human eye.\nAs the secretary of Yuehai Pavilion, Ganyu undertakes many tasks that ordinary folk do not see.\nFor those that have witnessed her standing by the dock at daybreak, enjoying her breakfast in silence, it is difficult to imagine her in such a post.\nEven still, by the time the sun has fully risen, she will have returned to Yuehai Pavilion overlooking Yujing Terrace, to continue to fulfill her contract.\nA contract that she signed three thousand years ago with Rex Lapis.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nGanyu is not the secretary of any one leader in the Liyue Qixing but is instead the general secretary for the entire organization. Under her gentle exterior, Ganyu is as persevering as stone itself. This was something that Rex Lapis, the leader of the adepti, noticed very early on. Thus when the Liyue Qixing first emerged ages ago, Ganyu was their secretary. Through the years and the changes in the Qixing's roster, Ganyu has remained by their side as a constant. This has also meant that the mountainous piles of paperwork from the various departments and bureaus in Liyue have fallen upon Ganyu's shoulders. But though her workload has increased seven, a hundred, or even a thousandfold, her sense of responsibility has never wavered. Someone once queried as to the source of her motivation and received an answer that was not quite congruous with the question. "What I've done... is nothing compared to what Rex Lapis has accomplished."\nCharacter Story 2:\n\n"I work for the well-being of all living things in Liyue."\nUnder almost all circumstances, Ganyu is a very trustworthy secretary.\nIt is hard to imagine anyone outperforming her in the face of such an enormous workload, especially given her unique and penetrating insights into all of Liyue's matters.\nNevertheless, her reliability can only be guaranteed under "almost all circumstances."\nThe more important the matter, the more Ganyu strives for perfection, and the more nervous she becomes. Under pressure, her nervousness does result in the occasional error.\nOne such incident occurred during the Rite of Descension, without doubt the most important annual event in Liyue's calendar.\nGanyu was three minutes late for the Rite and had to squeeze through the crowd in full view of all.\nLater on, with a face as red as a tomato, she stammered her way through an unconvincing explanation, all the while apologizing profusely to Rex Lapis in her heart.\nHer colleagues guessed that there must be some reason for the mistake.\nThose who did not know her well saw that Rex Lapis did not mind, and thus paid the incident no attention.\nThose closer to her worried in private, and asked if she needed a workload adjustment or a short vacation, but Ganyu refused.\n"I spent two hours making sure that I wasn't wearing anything too similar to last year's Rite..."\nNeedless to say, Ganyu was not about to admit to this being the real reason for her tardiness!\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nHow long is a thousand years?\nLong enough for the Glaze Lilies that once teemed throughout Dihua Marsh to be wiped out by floodwaters, and long enough for the thriving settlement that sprung up upon Guili Plains to come to ruin in war.\nHow short is a thousand years?\nTo Ganyu, it has felt shorter than the blink of an eye.\nThroughout a passage of time unimaginable to mortals, Ganyu has been working on all manner of things at Yujing Terrace.\nShe recorded the raising and demolishing of every building, and witnessed the rise to prosperity of every industry.\nGanyu's sense of objectivity towards the passage of time comes from the endless reams of data she must trawl through, and from the ever-increasing number of colors she finds that she needs to categorize it all.\nAll this time, her mindset has never changed — she constantly wavers between her human and adeptus halves.\nOn one hand, Ganyu the qilin finds it difficult to comprehend mortal squabbles.\nBut on the other hand, her human blood reminds her always to hold out hope that she might someday be able to fit in.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nOutside the confines of her work, Ganyu very quickly shows how different she is from most other people.\nShe has a habit of taking afternoon naps and has a shockingly accurate internal clock. When lunch hour arrives, no matter where she is, she will simply curl up into a ball and fall asleep on the spot. Even the raucous dancing of hilichurls will fail to wake her.\nThese habits were at first just a running joke within the Liyue Qixing.\nBut once, after accompanying the then-Tianxuan to lunch outside the city, a well-fed Ganyu simply crawled into the nearest roadside haystack. She ended up being transported all the way to Dihua Marsh, awakening only after bumping her head during the unloading.\nUnable to find Ganyu anywhere over the subsequent three hours, and knowing that she would not depart unannounced, the Tianxuan almost filed a missing person report.\nAfter receiving a stern admonishment to "only take afternoon naps where it's safe," Ganyu retorted:\n"Well... isn't everywhere in Liyue safe?"\nPerhaps, with the mixture of human and illuminated beast blood flowing through her veins, Ganyu's understanding of the world's affairs is a little different to that of most humans.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nGanyu's qilin heritage is little-known in Liyue Harbor.\nWhenever she is asked by someone walking along Feiyun Slope as to the obvious protrusions in her hair, she says that they are ornamental heirlooms.\n"If I told them the truth, they would distance themselves from me..."\nDespite never having been on particularly close terms with Liyue's citizens in the first place, Ganyu would still not consider distancing to be a good thing.\nHer more important reason for hiding the truth is to prevent curious onlookers from touching her qilin horns.\nAfter all, a qilin's horns are a sensitive part of their body, both physically and mentally speaking.\nAnother secret that Ganyu is anxious to keep hidden is the fact that she is watching her physique.\nThe qilin are strict vegetarians, but Liyue is a veritable powerhouse of gastronomical delights, one in which even vegetarians struggle to control their appetites.\nGanyu, who has grown accustomed to city life, is thus very vigilant in matters concerning her weight and physique.\nWhenever she finds herself being drawn towards some delicious dish, she will attempt to reassert her self-control. For Ganyu, the difficulty of such a challenge is second only to finding a Flaming Flower atop Dragonspine.\nBut she is not one to give up half-way through the ascent.\nDuring the Archon War, she once choked a giant monster to death with ease after getting lodged in its throat when it tried to eat her, said monster having fatally underestimated quite how wide her waistline was.\nFor Ganyu, avoiding any similarly embarrassing episodes in the future is an absolute must.\nThe Flora of Yujing Terrace:\n\nHandwritten notes detail the morphological features and behaviors of the plants in Yujing Terrace, with each beautiful stroke penned by Ganyu's own hand.\nThe notes are succinct, comprehensive, and well-categorized, and even offer some insights that one would be hard-pressed to find elsewhere on the market.\nThese include pointers on caring for Glaze Lilies and methods for grafting Silk Flowers.\nIn readability and scientific accessibility, they come close to the standard of official publications.\nOr rather, this is the experience if one starts reading from the front.\nSkip to near the end, however, and one may well be left dumbfounded.\nThe final few pages are a shocking rash of black ink and frantically scribbled-out text.\nReading patiently and painstakingly between the lines, one might just discover that these notes were, at one time, various methods for vegetable cultivation.\n"But if I learn to grow vegetables, I'll be even less able to control my appetite."\nHer hands balling into fists, it was with much difficulty that Ganyu erased the results of her research.\nLater, whilst watering the plants on an empty stomach, Ganyu found herself plunging her head into a thicket of Silk Flowers, fantasizing that they were Sweet Flowers in an effort to comfort herself.\nMany more fantasy Sweet Flowers followed shortly afterward during her afternoon nap...\nVision:\n\nQilin are paragons of benevolence among the adepti, drinking only freshwater and eating only plants. Flies they will not hurt, and a bruised reed they will not break. They do not travel abroad, do not gather in herds, and no trap will hold them. They are leisurely yet composed, active but reserved — a gentle and elegant race. Yet when a wicked beast from the sea arose and threatened the land beneath their feet, that peaceful life ceased to be an option. Three thousand years ago, Ganyu answered the call of Morax the God of Geo, aiding him in the Archon Wars. And when the war was over, she chose to stay in Liyue and help the humans build a better polity there. The first Liyue Qixing would need support, and she took this task up as a matter of course, becoming their secretary. The moment she made that decision, a Vision appeared at her hip, granting her power to resonate with the world to a degree beyond her natural abilities. Whether she would grow strong enough to no longer need it, or whether she would use it as a last resort in Liyue's defense... Regardless, she chose to serve as the bridge between adepti and humans. Her Vision, then, was proof and witness of her new duty.\n~~ganyu ends here~~\nGorou:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nGorou is the great general of Watatsumi Island's military, and he is deeply loved by his subordinates.\nDuring the period of the Vision Hunt Decree, Gorou led the forces of Watatsumi against the Shogun's Army, and successfully held the line against them.\nThe troops call him the "ever-victorious pointy-eared general," a nickname that has also seen broad use among Shogunate warriors.\nIn private, however, Gorou puts on no airs and is a straightforward person, which has led him to be regarded by all as the man with the plan.\nBut even such an exemplary general must have his fair share of troubles...\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nGorou was once an ordinary Watatsumi soldier.\nDuring a certain special operation, Gorou's unit, Gorgasia II, faced an unprecedented crisis.\nTheir captain had been felled by a stray arrow, and the survivors were surrounded deep in the mountains.\nTo continue their mission, to ask for reinforcements, to open negotiations with the enemy... Countless choices lay before them, but the mountain was silent.\nLeaderless and without any supplies, the unit was on its last legs. With their morale flagging, thoughts of surrender shrouded many minds.\nAt this critical moment, Gorou stood up. He rejected negotiation and surrender, and instead proposed a bold plan.\nThey would not hide any longer. Instead, he would lead the larger part of the platoon in a feigned attack to buy the others a chance to call for reinforcements. Once those reinforcements arrived, they could perform a pincer attack together.\nWhen asked what they should do if they failed, Gorou replied:\n"If the enemy surrounds us any further, our options will be even more limited. The way I see it, we still have a chance, so we've got to give it all we've got."\n"I'll take responsibility if the plan fails."\nAfter holding the line for several days without rest, the exhausted Gorou and his companions were finally relieved by a force led by Sangonomiya Kokomi herself.\nAfter that, he was promoted to serve as the captain of Gorgasia II, and from there he would work his way up to the rank of General.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nIn the eyes of the men, Gorou is a strict but humble general.\nHe is straightforward and easy-going, and he treats his subordinates like his own family, sharing weal and woe with them.\nSangonomiya Kokomi once told Gorou that material, supplies, and salaries were the three most important things to an army.\nFrom that day on, he would personally explain weapon maintenance to his subordinates. Every time the granaries were opened, he would supervise the process strictly to prevent any unlawful deductions.\nAnd as General Gorou, he will always lead from the front.\nThe sight of him charging at the tip of the spear is like a rallying banner, encouraging the troops behind him to continue advancing.\nThese are all reasons why the troops greatly respect him. As with Kokomi, Gorou greatly treasures the lives of his troops, but by contrast, values his own quite little.\nSome who understand little of the thought process behind this occasionally joke that Gorou is a "kid" who doesn't seem like a general at all.\nBut to the soldiers of Watatsumi Island, this kid is the best general they could ask for.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nGorou is valiant and decisive, often leading inferior forces to victory over superior opposition.\nHowever, he does have a shortcoming of his own — a sometimes unstable temper.\nThat is to say that the blood sometimes rushes to his head at the height of a battle.\nWar is cruel, and Gorou does indeed lack experience compared to veterans who have been scrapping it out on battlefields for decades.\nFortunately, he learns fast and is currently trying to make up for his various small failings.\nSangonomiya Kokomi often provides her various commanders with directives, but how they are used is up to the skill of the commander in question.\nFor his part, Gorou is always able to execute the courses of action that best suit the present situation from the directives he has been given.\nGorou believes that over time, he will come to internalize the concepts behind them. Perhaps then, he can take the field with even more confidence than before.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nAt Yae Miko's request, Gorou has taken up a certain extra "job" at Yae Publishing House.\nWith the end of the Vision Hunt Decree, and the successful negotiations between Watatsumi Island and the Shogunate, relations between the two sides are beginning to warm.\nGorou has also visited Narukami Island quite a few times to check out the changes, buy a few popular books, and go to Yae Publishing House to complete the task he agreed to help with.\nYae Miko set up an anonymous column for Gorou in the "That's Life" magazine. Here, readers will write about the things that trouble them and send them to Yae Publishing House, upon which Gorou will give them some suggestions.\nYae Publishing House will take special care to redact any personal information revealed on the part of the write-ins or Gorou's replies, and will replace real names with pseudonyms.\nAccording to Yae Miko, she chose him because she'd heard that he often listened to his subordinates when they chatted about personal matters.\nThe column proved to be very popular indeed, but for whatever reason, every time an editor delivers the royalties to Gorou, they might sheepishly ask:\n"Ah, speaking of which, Gorou, have you heard of Ms. Hina?"\n"I've heard that she's a rather popular columnist, and a recent one, too. Is something the matter?"\n"Oh, no, no... It's nothing..."\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nJust as the troops don't exactly tell Gorou everything happening in their lives, Gorou, too, has some troubles that are difficult to share.\nFor example, how his tail fur starts to get dull and look haggard after being exposed to the elements for too long, and how he'd love to tend to it — if he could only spare the time out in the field.\nOr how he sometimes feels a bit inferior about his slight physique when bathing together with his subordinates.\nOr about how encountering inscrutable women like Yae Miko sends him into defense mode instantly, rendering him unable to properly interact with them...\nIn trying to maintain a respectable image, Gorou refrains from telling his soldiers about such troubles.\nAnd while they have been able to guess at his troubles to some extent, the Watatsumi soldiers often just play along and pretend that they don't notice.\nAs such, his worries just kept piling up, until the Traveler arrived, thus granting the Watatsumi general, ever good at banishing the worries of others, someone who could help relieve him of his own woes.\nMountaineering Gear:\n\nOf Gorou's various hobbies, "mountaineering" is likely up there in the top three.\nSweating it out while climbing a mountain with companions before admiring the beauty all around you helps to train both the mind and body and is a great camaraderie-builder.\nTo better enjoy this hobby of his, Gorou bought a set of mountaineering gear from a traveling merchant.\nThe set is not particularly pricey, but it is both sturdy and durable and has seen Gorou through many dangerous ascents.\nJust as he maintains his weapons well, Gorou has also kept this set of gear in tip-top shape. There is little doubt that it will accompany him through many future journeys as well.\nVision:\n\nThere was a time when Gorou ascribed responsibility for victory or loss in battle entirely to himself.\n"If only I became a little stronger, perhaps I'd be able to turn the tide."\nIt was in this spirit that Gorou trained his archery day and night, hoping to rely on his strength to lead his comrades to victory.\nBut after some time on the battlefield, Gorou saw powerful warriors being isolated and captured alive, while weak troops in inferior positions could rout their enemies through unity.\nThat was when Gorou realized that a single person's battlefield capabilities are limited.\nGetting stronger is important, naturally, but uniting the troops to fight as one is even more crucial.\nA troop can only be unbeatable if they are strong together.\nHaving realized this, Gorou no longer pursued the apex of excellence in archery, but instead invested time and effort in those around him, helping everyone improve together.\nThinking back on it, this may have opened the door for Gorou to obtain his Vision.\n~~gorou ends here~~\n