Iansan:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nWhen the people of Natlan think about the Collective of Plenty, the first thing that springs to mind is the tribe's culture of fitness — followed shortly by mental images of towering, muscular, chiseled physiques...\nMany first-time visitors to the Collective of Plenty, therefore, are surprised to learn that the current leading light of the tribe's fitness scene is about as far away from those mental images as it's possible to be. As tall — or short — as a child, the young lady in question is positively scrawny when compared with most of her peers.\nThis young lady — whose unimposing frame gives the impression that a strong gust of wind might well blow her away — is the head coach of the fitness club at the Collective of Plenty: Coach Iansan.\nAt first, many visitors had assumed that the tribe were merely playing a trick on outsiders.\nBut in due course, there was ample opportunity for newcomers to witness Coach Iansan directing training sessions — and the aftermath, with her students collapsed exhausted on the floor while she herself had hardly broken a sweat.\nEventually, with the eyes of all Natlan watching, Iansan proved her prowess on the greatest stage, setting an all-time victory record in the Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame.\nAnd now, Iansan is widely recognized as the gold standard for trainers in Natlan. She has even set up her own special training camp to teach the techniques required to attain victory in the Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame.\nFolk are shocked by Iansan's strength and curious as to its source. There are rumors that she has an unusual lineage, one which bestows her with extraordinary strength, but also uncommon shortness.\nWhenever outsiders to the tribe attempt to confirm these rumors with the Collective of Plenty, however, their questions are met by little more than icy stares and an equally frosty answer:\n"Hmph, she trains hard."\nHaving met their perfunctory burden of manners, the people of the Collective of Plenty will then return to working out, leaving behind befuddled outsiders who are unsure exactly what they did to cause offense.\nAnd so new rumors begin to spread, ones that claim Iansan's power is derived from a secret tribal weapon belonging to the Collective of Plenty — a weapon that they are forbidden from talking to outsiders about.\nWhenever such rumors begin to do the rounds, Iansan is quick to seek out the curious questioners.\n"You too can be as strong as me. Join my training academy and I guarantee you results!"\nOnce their shock has faded, most people decline the offer. Perhaps they don't believe that Coach Iansan can really guarantee success, or perhaps they've already heard stories of just how grueling her training really is.\nThe rumors surrounding Iansan continue to swirl and spread. On the rare occasions when she isn't training and has the time to pay them heed, Iansan can only sigh and shake her head.\n"I keep telling them it's down to the training... Why doesn't anybody listen?"\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nFor as long as she can remember, Iansan has known that she will never grow any taller.\nThe "Blood of Egungun" runs through her veins, as it has through the veins of countless generations of her family. Her ancestors never grow to be taller than children.\nThe tribespeople of the Collective of Plenty are the biggest and strongest in all of Natlan, yet Iansan and her family are anomalies. Their bloodline has thwarted all hopes of them ever becoming as formidable of stature as their tribal peers, while providing them with no obvious boon in return. Compared to the curse of their bloodline, even the tainted bargains of fairytale witches seem fair by comparison.\nFortunately, the tribespeople of the Collective of Plenty are accepting and kind. After taking Iansan's family in, they have never treated them with prejudice, instead adopting a protective attitude. Whenever war broke out, Iansan's ancestors have always been kept from the front lines, serving as medics and cooks. They are not as courageous or nimble as the warriors of the tribe, having developed a habit of keeping their heads down and sticking to routine.\nEver since Iansan can remember, she had helped her parents with their work. But compared with her parents' diligence, she had felt a persistent restlessness that seemed to call her toward the battlefield. Whenever she had the chance, she would always head toward the sound of the latest battle to await the returning warriors. Not that her waiting bore fruit — concerned tribal guards always returned her to her parents long before she could get near the fighting. It seemed that her fate was to follow in the footsteps of her parents and live the life predetermined for her by the "Blood of Egungun."\nUntil, that is, an unexpected event that shocked the whole tribe occurred — she was chosen by the ancient name "Power" to serve as its vessel.\nIansan was as shocked as the rest of her tribe, but the inscription on the ancient name was clear beyond doubt. Overnight, Iansan became the center of attention, but most of the gazes that now fell on her were far from kind. For the Collective of Plenty, the ancient name "Power" was especially significant — representing unrivaled honor and unparalleled responsibility. Most of the tribe looked down on Iansan, both in terms of her ambition and stature. They questioned not only whether she deserved this honor, but also whether she could live up to its expectations.\nBut those most troubled by this turn of events were her parents, who — despite their hard work — had always been content knowing their place in society. They knew they could offer no help to Iansan in this matter, and could not even speak of it for the longest time. When they finally broached the subject with their daughter, it was to express their unconditional support for whatever path she chose.\nAnd so, a few days later, Iansan approached Acatl — who was both the tribal chief and head coach of the Collective of Plenty's fitness club at the time.\n"Coach, I want to train!"\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nIn the Collective of Plenty, fitness is sacrosanct, second in importance only to the Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame. The tribespeople advocate for a universal focus on working out and take great pride in the results of their training.\nDespite this, when Iansan appeared at the hallowed tribal training grounds, there was much grumbling from her peers. "This kid should quit before something happens," many thought. After all, to most observers, Iansan working out wasn't a question of suitability, but one of basic safety — some of the weights being thrown around weighed more than she did!\nHer fellow fitness enthusiasts collected all the entry-level equipment they could and placed it in front of Iansan, explaining that it represented the threshold required to join the club. They thought this would dissuade her, but Iansan merely selected a small barbell and put all of her effort into trying to lift it. Before the plates had even left the ground, the gathered crowd heard the loud crack of creaking bones, and rushed forward to stop Iansan...\nIt was weeks before Iansan could get out of bed and walk by herself, and even that was only due to her father's skills as a medic — otherwise, she might have been bedridden for months. Upon hearing that Iansan was getting better, Acatl paid her a visit. Ever since failing to stop Iansan from hurting herself, Acatl had been facing much criticism from the tribe. Iansan was worried that his visit was a personal attempt to persuade her to abandon her chosen path.\n"So, fitness has a threshold?"\n"Fitness isn't a question of credentials, it's a question of choice."\nAcatl assuaged Iansan's concerns before telling her the story of the founder of the Collective of Plenty's fitness club.\nThis great warrior, Meztcala, was once chief of the Collective of Plenty. He had a mighty physique and a strength seldom matched before or since. Back then, the tribe had experienced much upheaval since its founding and was yet to establish a firm foothold by the slopes of the Sacred Mountain. He used his prodigious strength to conquer monsters and magma alike, while protecting his people day and night. At that time, the Sacred Mountain had just entered a new eruption cycle. As volcanic activity became more and more intense, even Meztcala, strong as he was, began to feel tired and overwhelmed. In the face of growing pleas for shelter from his people, he knew he alone could not weather the storm, yet he never abandoned them.\n"You can all become like me. You can all choose to become like me!"\nHe made the tribespeople his students, taught them his training techniques, and then led them against the dangers that threatened their tribe. Through countless grueling trials, the people of the Collective of Plenty learned that they too had the strength and power to protect their homeland. By the time Meztcala grew old and succumbed to the irresistible force of time, his students had surpassed him and now formed a protective barrier around their tribe. In the end, the tribespeople of the Collective of Plenty established a secure and peaceful homeland at the foot of the great volcano.\n"That is the origin of our fitness club, and the words I just told you are a warning passed down by Meztcala himself. If anyone claims that training has a threshold, do you think he would agree?"\n"Iansan, I've heard about your troubles lifting even the most basic training equipment. This doesn't mean you lack the credentials to train, it simply means that everyone else lacks the ability to train you. Your physical condition is beyond the boundaries of practically any fitness trainee's personal experience. And so, it would be remiss of me not to point out that training, for you, will be a very difficult path to follow."\n"However, the path you take is ultimately a choice that only you can make."\nAfter Acatl had left, Iansan lapsed into a multi-day silence, as she had when she first discovered her ancient name. Eventually, when she emerged from her solitude, it was to seek out Acatl once more.\n"Coach, I want to train!"\nWith that, Iansan returned to the tribal training grounds. But this time, she was not met with a pile of weights and equipment designed as a deterrent. Instead, the members of the fitness club brought Iansan to a freshly prepared patch of ground, far from the dangerously heavy, swinging weights of the main workout area. In this space, they had prepared for Iansan her own personal place to train, complete with everything she might need.\nThis time, their gazes contained more than just concern for her safety. Now, there was a hint of admiration as well — for they all understood that this young woman had actively chosen to walk a lonely path of training.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nIn her early days at the fitness club, Iansan's determination to train and become stronger never faltered. Yet her indomitable willpower did nothing to lighten the pain and soreness that frequently racked her body, nor the persistent injuries.\nIn those days, a culture of competitive perseverance permeated the club, with members measuring their success by the levels of burning pain in their muscles. Many of the trainees preferred to chase improvement by challenging their absolute limits.\nIansan's injuries were almost wholly brought about by trying to imitate this style of training.\nOnce, while recovering from an injury, Iansan — hobbling on crutches — passed the packed training grounds and stopped to stare at the equipment. She suddenly realized that she no longer felt the excitement and enthusiasm towards the challenge these objects once presented, rather, she could only feel the aching pain in the joint she'd recently dislocated.\nThat was the first time Iansan truly felt like she wasn't cut out for fitness training.\nAfter a week of staying inside and shutting out the outside world, Iansan's mother — torn by her daughter's obvious anguish — tried her best to comfort her.\n"There are many ways we can't compete with others, but we have our own talents. For example... treating injuries and cooking food..."\nIansan's mother fell silent. If the experienced trainees at the fitness club couldn't help guide her daughter to success, what chance did she have, as someone who had never trained a day in her life? But to her surprise, the blazing fires of determination began to burn anew in Iansan's eyes.\n"You're right. We can treat injuries and cook food!"\nAfter a month of recuperation, Iansan returned once more to the training grounds. This time, she walked straight past the experienced trainees, who were flexing and flashing poses at each other, and straight past the piles of equipment that had so tormented her before. This time, she picked up a pot and began to train — moving around, taking notes, and cooking.\nHer training seemed far more leisurely than before. She followed her routine and completed a few sets of the same exercises each day. At the same time, she somehow seemed busier: as though every hour of every day had been planned out. She appeared to have lowered her expectations, rarely pushing herself close to her limits — unlike the other fitness club members. And yet, her expectations also seemed somehow to be more stringent, as she no longer missed a single day's training, all while cooking her own meals and strictly regulating her diet.\nAfter weeks of this strange behavior, people started to notice. Rumors began to circulate that Iansan had found the secret to overcoming the limits of her bloodline. They flocked to her unusual training sessions, and gathered around as though watching a piece of performance art...\n"In the simplest of terms, my strength comes from a well-scheduled workout routine, controlled caloric intake, and precise supplemental nutrition."\nThe curious onlookers dispersed, disappointed with Iansan's explanation. The philosophy she had described to them did not seem to offer even the slightest challenge. They couldn't fathom how something so simple could allow Iansan to break through the limits of her self.\nWhat none of them seemed to have noticed was that ever since shaking up her training regimen, all of Iansan's fitness metrics had been steadily improving — from running farther, to performing more pushups. Perhaps this was because the other trainees didn't care much for that sort of data, but to Iansan, these gradual improvements were solid and consistent, like steel folded over and over — each tiny milestone building towards a fundamental change.\nAt that time, Iansan had no idea that she had already introduced a brand-new concept to Natlan — the science of nutrition. All she knew was that she had finally found a mode of fitness training that suited her individual needs.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nIansan's friendship with her saurian companion stems from a tradition of the Collective of Plenty — the people of the tribe enjoy wrestling with Tatankasaurs, with victory in such contests being a mark of great honor. A little while after joining the fitness club, Iansan also attempted this feat, but try as she might, she couldn't so much as budge a single adult Tatankasaurus. Fearing that her attempts were likely to end the same way as her brushes with equipment at the training grounds, her more experienced peers introduced her to Emela. Emela had been orphaned not long after her birth, and was taken in by the tribe. She was a baby Tatankasaurus, and it seemed more fitting for Iansan to train with someone of her own size.\nOne child had lost the care of her parents, and the other had been coddled a little too much by hers. There was a natural rivalry between the two — one that only intensified once they were assigned as training partners. They both poured everything they had into their first duel, one regretting how they had lacked the strength to protect their parents, the other wishing to gain the strength to protect her own. In the end, they both fell, exhausted, to the floor, with no clear winner left standing.\nFrom that moment on, their rivalry officially began.\nOnce Iansan found a method of training that suited her, though improvements came slowly, she gradually managed to push beyond her limits. During that time, she was in the lead.\nBut as Emela moved out from under the shadow of her parents' passing, she began to thrive in the light, until eventually, she surpassed Iansan, and had her eating her dust.\nBy this point, Iansan's progress had gradually attracted the attention of the entire tribe. In an unexpected turn of events, she ended up defeating the chief of the Tatankasaurs and eventually took over from Acatl as the head coach of the fitness club.\nEmela's own progress was likewise exceeding everyone's expectations. She had long since grown larger than any other Tatankasaurus in the tribe, and rose to become their new chief.\nAll the while, their rivalry continued. Both of them seemed desperate to constantly surpass the other, leaving their rival to play catch-up.\nDespite this intense competition, when they were not challenging each other in contests of strength, Emela would allow Iansan to ride on her back as they explored the wilderness together.\nOnce the war to repel the Abyss invasion had ended, Iansan's students brought her to the place where Emela was buried. They felt a great sense of responsibility for the fact that Iansan had not seen her dear friend one last time before her passing.\n"There were so many enemies, she must have known that she wouldn't return if she charged in... If you'd been there with her instead of us, you could have stopped her..."\n"No. If I'd been there with her, I would've charged, right by her side. We'd have raced to see who could reach the enemy first."\nIansan laid down a flower for her old friend and uttered, for the first time, the unspoken rule that was at the heart of her and Emela's rivalry —\n"Only by taking the lead can you protect the ones you've left behind."\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nAs the horns sounded to herald the Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame, Iansan returned to the Stadium of the Sacred Flame once more to set a new record for consecutive victories.\nPeople no longer questioned her credentials as the head coach of the fitness club, nor did anyone dare mock her unassuming stature. While others may express shock at her results, Iansan remained unmoved — she simply focused on updating her training plans and recipes, unceasing in the implementation of her fitness philosophy.\nWhat did surprise Iansan, was that everyone discussing her bloodline now suddenly expressed envy towards her "gift." Most members of other tribes knew nothing of Iansan's family background, nor had they witnessed her hard work. Amazed by her achievements, they began to grasp for explanations. In the midst of this speculation, rumors abounded that the "Blood of Egungun" was a mark of innate power, one that bestows otherwise unattainable strength for the price of a lifetime of being unable to grow.\nEven more shockingly, Iansan's vanquished opponents readily accepted the truth of this "gift," not only praising Iansan's talents, but also claiming it as justification for their losses.\nOnly Iansan remained silent, her frown deepening at these rumors that she had at first ignored.\nNot long after, the trainees of the Collective of Plenty's fitness club began distributing flyers at the Stadium of the Sacred Flame. Upon receiving these flyers, most people assumed they were invitations to some sort of tribal event, but when they read the contents, their mouths were left agape in shock...\n"The Pilgrimage Victors Academy is looking for students! Any tribe, any age, any gender! You too can become a record holder with a winning streak!"\nAfter confirming that these flyers did indeed come from Iansan, shock turned to confusion. By now, everyone knew about the "Blood of Egungun" — what sort of training could possibly help them overcome the disadvantages of their own unremarkable bloodlines? Everyone assumed that this must be Iansan playing a prank.\nBut then Iansan appeared, both to deny the rumors and to hand out flyers in person. Some curious souls even visited the address on the flyers and discovered that Iansan had relocated the fitness club from deep within Collective of Plenty territory to a spot much closer to the Stadium of the Sacred Flame, seemingly in preparation for taking on trainees from other tribes.\nNot many were swayed by Iansan's flyers, but an intrepid few made their way to the newly relocated training grounds. Most of them were limited by their own physical shortcomings but yearned to become stronger, just as Iansan once had. The only difference was that these people had let themselves be held back by their own uncertainties. Iansan's guiding principle was to provide them with the motivation to move forward, while showing them the path.\n"I won't deny it, talent is important. It decides how fast we walk on the paths we choose... but it cannot decide how far we can go."\nAfter a year of quiet persistence, these pioneering trainees emerged as outstanding competitors in the Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame — just as Coach Iansan had promised. Under her dedicated tutelage, countless students achieved their own breakthroughs, some of them going on to surpass even their coach's abilities.\nEven so, skeptics were still the majority, not that this caused Iansan much concern — more and more trainees were signing up for her academy. On her next round of flyers, she added a new line:\n"You need not be born with power. Toil is what truly imparts strength."\nIansan understood that by breaking through the limits of her self, she had already lived up to her ancient name, yet she still wished to push herself further. The line she had added was her personal footnote to the ancient name of "Power." There would come a day when she would prove her philosophy to all of Natlan, just as she had already done with the Collective of Plenty.\nAlaye:\n\nFor a long time, Iansan's patterned skull has been something of an icon. It is said that its original owner was a Tatankasaurus who tragically died young. Perhaps Iansan keeps it to commemorate this unfortunate child.\nOne day, a group of trainees — approaching from a distance — noticed Iansan training on her own. They were shocked to discover her skull grunting like a live Tatankasaurus. It appeared to be cheering her on.\n"So... it's not dead?"\n"Oh, I still haven't introduced you all! This is Alaye, you can think of it as my training partner. It's a little shy, so usually it only speaks when no one's around."\nAnd so Iansan began to tell her astonished students the story behind her skull. One day, Iansan's saurian companion, Emela, came to ask her for help. Emela had encountered a Tatankasaurus spirit lingering over its remains, unwilling to journey on to the Night Kingdom. Iansan sought out the help of Citlali from the Masters of the Night-Wind and asked her if she could weave her magic with the Tatankasaurus's remains, much like creating a Tzitzimitl. And so, the Tatankasaurus spirit was bound inside its skull, where it would neither lose its way nor fade with time.\nWhen she had finished speaking, Iansan caressed the skull gently, as though comforting it.\n"Whenever I'm working out, it gives me encouragement. It must have wanted to grow into a strong, dashing adult Tatankasaurus like its peers. That's why it wasn't ready to leave."\nVision:\n\nLong before Iansan took over as head coach of the fitness club, an immensely heavy barbell had been given a place of honor at the center of the training grounds.\nIt was rumored to have been left there by the original founder of the fitness club. Only someone who had attained the pinnacle of strength would be able to lift it, and doing so would cement their place as the new leading light of Natlanese fitness. As such, lifting this barbell was the ultimate goal of all the club's members. And yet, no one had ever succeeded.\nWhenever a new challenger would approach the bar, everyone would gather around to discuss — and wager on — the outcome. For the tribespeople of the Collective of Plenty, lifting this barbell was proof that one embodied the pinnacle of fitness. It was a challenge that everyone wished to pass, and one that garnered a huge deal of speculation as to who would finally be the one to do so.\nThen one day, Iansan herself approached the bar and stood there, lost in thought. Those nearby could see the yearning in her eyes and did their best to persuade her not to try.\n"Do you know what sort of power it would take to lift this bar?"\nThere was doubt in their voices, but also concern. Everyone knew that if Iansan tried to lift the barbell, the resulting injuries would be far worse than any she had suffered when she first started training.\n"It would take the 'Power of a Thousand Days'!"\nThat is how Iansan answered them.\nThe gathered onlookers exchanged puzzled glances — none of them knew what the "Power of a Thousand Days" was. Most assumed it must be some new esoteric training philosophy Iansan was dabbling in. After ensuring that Iansan wasn't about to do anything that might hurt herself, the crowd dispersed. None of them had noticed the yearning in Iansan's eyes turn to a steely determination.\nFor the first set of 100 days, Iansan trained as usual, repeating the same self-assigned routine of bland, boring exercises — nothing that would draw anyone's attention — persisting day after day, just as her ancestors had always persisted in their labor. Soon, everyone had forgotten about her words before the barbell and everything at the fitness club returned to normality.\nBy the third set of 100 days, Iansan's training was finally showing signs of change. Perhaps because of the increased intensity, she was plagued by injuries during this time, yet shrugged each one off in short order. This may have been due to the healing skills she had acquired from her parents, or it may have been down to the unusual food she was cooking for herself. She was still sticking mostly to the same old exercises she had assigned herself — slowly grinding out set after set in an unnoticed corner and abstaining from displaying her gains like most of her fellow club members.\nBy the fifth set of 100 days, the fitness club's members were flexing their muscles and discussing which of their peers needed to get back on the gains-mobile after taking it too easy for too long. This ebb and flow of effort was common at the fitness club, but as most members were familiar with dozens of different programs to get "muscles in a month," it seldom took them long to go back to being ripped after a short period of slacking off.\nBy the seventh set of 100 days, a few more observant trainees had noticed that something was different — not that they could pinpoint exactly what it was. It was only when a club member, who had been away from the tribe for over a year, returned and yelped out his surprise that a shocking revelation was made — Iansan was now using the same fitness equipment as everyone else! This change had taken place over the last several hundred days, so gradually that no one had noticed.\nBy the ninth set of 100 days, someone finally stumbled across the training plan that Iansan had made for herself. Thinking back to her words from over two years ago, those who had persuaded her not to try lifting the barbell were no longer so certain. It was as though Iansan's months and months of silent grinding had pulverized their concerns into dust.\nBy the final 100 days, the once-unnoticed corner where Iansan trained had become the focal point of everyone's attention. At some point in the preceding weeks and months, she had become the flexer-in-chief of the fitness club. The other members gathered around and gasped in admiration at her recent triumph over the chief of the Tatankasaurs. Not that Iansan paid them much mind — she was single-mindedly focused on steadily executing her training plan, keeping her head down, and sticking to her routine.\nWhen the thousandth day rolled around, almost three years in the making, Iansan finally returned to stand before the barbell. Everyone in the tribe with even a passing interest in fitness was there to watch, eagerly awaiting the miracle that was due to take place before their eyes. This time, no one was discussing the outcome — everyone who had witnessed Iansan's hard work over the preceding years already knew what was about to unfold.\nAs Iansan approached the bar, to her surprise, she found a twinkling Vision hanging from it — who knew when it had been put there?\nIansan understood this was proof that she was staring down the imminent fulfillment of her wish. Yet to her, this was just a "target" on her training plan. Perhaps, in Iansan's world, there was no difference between the two.\nIansan removed the Vision and then lifted the barbell, with as much ease and certainty as if it was merely another item on her training plan.\n~~iansan ends here~~\nIfa:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nIn the eyes of the Natlanese, the Flower-Feather Clan lives in the sky. Although the Scions of the Canopy bound between their cliffs, and the Masters of the Night-Wind stargaze from their summits, only the Flower-Feather Clan has the privilege of catching clouds and riding rainbows like true knights of the skies.\nThe sensation of gazing up is one without equal. No obstacles in sight, only a vast plain of emptiness through which humanity yearns to soar, slaking its thirst for a life free of earthly shackles.\nBut the fires of war spread ever beneath their feet, followed by cries for help. Even a Qucusaur, once wounded, is forced to descend to the earth.\nIfa, then, is the knight whose eyes never leave the ground, out of both duty and habit. His sharp gaze is adept at picking out trouble from afar.\n"Be it human or animal, everyone's gotta land sometime," Ifa says with a breezy smile.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\n"If humans can be doctors to saurians, then saurians can be doctors to humans," Ororon once said.\n"...Not all juxtaposed statements secretly make sense," Ifa replied after a long silence.\n"Is that so..."\nIfa couldn't help but feel a twinge of pity at Ororon's tone, for the lad was no fool — just in the habit of sometimes spouting illogical utterances to get some reaction out of him. Ifa knew this deep in his bones, of course. But he couldn't help but look back on his life and wonder: How did he get here?\nNo one can live a life free of things that cannot be helped. Being a vet, for instance, will always be like running a kindergarten — there is no controlling little 'uns who lack powers of reason. All you can do is comfort them... especially when pain must soon follow. Pain from wounds, cleaning wounds, taking medicine and getting injections... Truth be told, were Ifa himself one of those pups or kittens, he would scarcely have been able to tell the difference between those many pains.\nAnd when hurt, they cry and they struggle. Such is the nature of all living things. Indeed, losing the ability to feel pain is akin to losing one's natural alarm system — worrying in its own right.\nAnd as are the living, perhaps so too is life. Perhaps sorrows and partings exist to remind one that life trundles ever onward, that saurians and humans alike will grow up and grow old.\nFor a doctor, this is par for the course. It's the price that comes with the profession. At least, that's how Ifa reassures himself.\nAnd what he receives in return is love and gratitude from humans and animals alike, along with the bonds he has forged with many a "bro" of all types and stripes.\nAs long as all joy could wipe away helplessness and sorrow... Then his fight would be well worth it.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nSometimes, Ifa feels that one doesn't necessarily choose where they end up in life. Rather, they tend to slot into positions naturally over time.\nFor example, he can't remember when he became someone who looked after others. The neighbors' kids call him bro (or big bro). Saurians, in both sickness and health, follow in his wake, croo-ing and crawww-ing all the while. His juniors and seniors alike tip their hats (where applicable) and call him "Doc"... Ifa can't help but feel fear take root in his heart at such treatment.\nOf course, this respect is also a source of pride and satisfaction for him. So perhaps what gnaws at him from within is the fear that he may one day lose their trust. This spurs him to sometimes go to extreme lengths: making toys for saurian whelps, putting on guitar performances, hauling back bags of fresh fruit for his neighbors each time he returns from treating a patient... Once in a while, one might even spot him helping the tribe's kids with their homework.\nIt was as though someone had messed with the passage of time. One day, Ifa was still vacillating between whether to become a vet or not, his memories of struggling up a saurian's back still fresh as new dew. The next, well, life had happened, and he suddenly realized he'd become a reliable grown-up.\nNot that this upset him. In fact, Ifa was very grateful. It was just that, occasionally, the tribe's elders would bring up matters of the past, reminding Ifa of the boy he used to be.\nSome young children love to hear these old stories. One of these young 'uns, who hadn't yet wiped the Volcano Cake crumbs off the corners of his grinning mouth, burst out laughing when he heard about how a young Ifa could barely get a book through his head. "So big bro Ifa was once lil' bro Ifa! How crazy is that?"\nNobody had called him "lil' bro" in ages and ages. Ifa was stunned for a moment, but recovered quickly. He wiped the kid's mouth with a napkin, chortling, "It ain't that crazy! How old are you, hmm?"\n"I'm six!"\n"Well, what do you know, little buddy? I'm five! How 'bout I start calling you big bro from now on, mm?"\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nIf you count his distant relatives, Ifa's family is rather large indeed. Theirs is a household renowned for their veterinary skills, but on closer inspection, not many in the family actually pursue that line of work. In other words, neither sentiment nor logic dictated that he had to become a vet.\nMoreover, studying for such a career is an exhausting process. Ifa felt that all he had to read while growing up were books on medicine, and the words and diagrams blew through his brain like a breeze — in one end, out of the other. Little Ifa angrily thought to himself: I don't have to become a vet, do I?\nHe didn't have to, but soon enough, he found himself over the phase where books were beyond his understanding. Maybe it was due to their frequent visits to battlefields to tend to the sick, but Ifa's parents were affected by the Abyss, and their health was persistently poor. Although he was still young, some sort of revelation came over Ifa, and he often worriedly thought to himself: I... don't have to become a vet, do I...?\nEpiphany or not, early maturity or not, Ifa was not yet full-grown before his parents passed away. After attending their funeral, the seventeen-year-old was overwhelmed by a hollow sensation. Now, he didn't know what to think at all.\nAnd in the end, he became a vet.\nPerhaps it was for tradition's sake, or mere force of habit, but Ifa soon became known as the sauro-vet with the finest skills, the gentlest temper, and the strongest sense of responsibility. Once his heart was set, his mind dwelled on other matters no longer. And as the war raged ever fiercer, his list of tasks only grew, but it was this very burden of work that helped him through a difficult period of his life.\nNow that the war was finally over, Ifa found himself with time to sit down and think about his life. But really, was there much to consider at all?\n"Everyone's got something they gotta do," Ifa decided. "And I just want everyone to be happy."\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nIf he gave himself over to his sympathy and adopted every wounded little saurian he came across, Ifa would have to leave his clinic for a life in the wilderness. He knows himself best — were he to start walking down this path, he'd walk it all the way. That's why he has an unwritten rule: If at all possible, he is not to take in any animals (or humans, or other miscellaneous creatures) long-term.\n"No, no, nooo way..." Ifa shielded his eyes from his latest little patient's pitiful gaze, "I'll definitely find this lil' guy a new home... but I'm stretched way too thin to keep him myself."\nHis discipline over the years has been commendable — which is why he's still loath to admit that Cacucu proved the exception to the rule.\n"This lil' bro just doesn't grow," Ifa has a whole laundry list of excuses, ready to go. "He's small, he's round, and can talk, but doesn't really know what he's sayin'... Might be dangerous to leave him all by his lonesome out in the wild like this. S'why I've taken him under my wing... Y'know, for now at least."\n"Actually, he's being taken advantage of. He's just too embarrassed to admit it," Ororon would say, laying the truth bare.\nBut though Ororon would then pretend that the matter had nothing to do with him, he had in fact "contributed" to Cacucu's adoption by pointing at the vegetables in his field sporting prominent Cacucu-beak-shaped holes in their leaves, the gesture a silent accusation directed at Ifa.\nUnable to come up with excuses, or shake Cacucu off in the slightest, Ifa was at last forced to (or so he made it look) adopt the former. He even offered to be Ororon's courier for a month to compensate him for the Cacucu-related crop damages.\nBut taking a step back, this story actually has two gaps, to which Ifa has remained none the wiser.\nThe first: The peculiar case of the field. Cacucu is not some foolish saurian, so why did he start messing with Ororon? In truth, the two had been partners-in-crime the whole time. For Cacucu to realize his lofty dream of becoming an assistant at Ifa's clinic, the first step was to get into the clinic at all. And to do that, they had to back Ifa into a corner.\nAnd the second: Although Ifa believes the first time he saw the roly-poly Qucusaur was when he rescued him out on the road, Cacucu remembers another, older chapter to their tale. None know this, but Cacucu's mother was once badly injured, and she may have never hatched the egg containing this little genius of a saurian were it not for Ifa's intervention. And when said saurian pecked through the shell of his egg, he saw Ifa for the first time. Sadly, Ifa does not remember this.\nOn the one hand, Cacucu lacks the vocabulary to relate the incident. On the other, there was never a need to, and so Cacucu has never attempted to inform Ifa. His mother eventually passed on due to old injuries relapsing, and it was a tall order for a small saurian to survive alone in the wild. Having not brushed shoulders with many humans at all, Cacucu quickly decided that Ifa, who had helped his mother once before, was a prime candidate to follow around. And if he could one day become an assistant in that clinic and repay the favor owed, then all the better. What a wonderful feat in the saurian world that would be!\nWith the first step now out of the way, now came phase two of Cacucu's master plan: figuring out how to play dumb.\nConsidering Ifa's personality — someone all too happy to shoulder other's responsibilities — knowing Cacucu's backstory could create in him an inexplicable sense of guilt and make him feel somehow accountable.\nSo Cacucu decided it was best to skip all that nonsense. If they were to become bros, he wanted their bro-ship to come from a point of sincerity, unclouded by the past.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nIn all seriousness, Ifa considered himself quite athletic. And between getting along well with saurians and passing his flying trials with flying colors, he figured he should be able to easily traverse all of Natlan.\nSo he decided to swing by and visit the other tribes while he remained unburdened by much responsibility.\nIn the Children of Echoes, he met the skilled blacksmith Xilonen. She proved quite eager, drawing up designs for Ifa's medical equipment without too much debate. He later learned that the Xilonen he'd met had been one very much burdened by responsibility — that of a commission from Mavuika — and so any work unrelated to it had been a breath of much-needed fresh air. Others said that Xilonen was usually impossible to get ahold of (on account of her making incredibly quick escapes into the mountains), so Ifa counted his lucky stars.\nIn the Scions of the Canopy, Ifa felt a vibe similar to the Flower-Feather Clan's — that of everyone living life at their own pace amidst the clouds. He enjoyed his time there, slinging grappling hooks and scaling cliffs. His only regret was that he didn't get to meet that legendary "Saurian Hunter" everyone had kept talking about. It was only later on, when Ajaw swung by to visit his clinic, that he would see that wish fulfilled. It was a happy ending for everyone — well, except for Ajaw.\nBefore he'd set off, Chasca had told Ifa about a guide he'd find in the People of the Springs named Mualani. His first two attempts to poke around her watersports shop proved fruitless, unless tripping over a Sharky Surfboard counted. Ultimately, he decided to take part in a surfing competition on his own, and it was at the prize ceremony that he at last bumped into her. Upon learning that he'd managed to score third place on his very first time surfing, Mualani showered him with praise. Such warm words from the reigning champ were certainly worth their weight in gold.\nAs for the Collective of Plenty, their fruits were utterly divine, though the trip would have been much more enjoyable had there not been people challenging him to arm wrestle at every corner he turned. Sensing slim odds of victory, Ifa declined dozens of invitations under the pretext that he needed his hands to practice medicine. In the end, this chapter of his journey ended with him signing up for three months of fitness classes with Iansan — none of which he attended, even by the time he bade them all farewell with a hearty wave.\nAs for the Masters of the Night-Wind... it was the closest to the Flower-Feather Clan, and also the most mysterious. Ifa wasn't even sure what one would do there as a visitor, so he thought he'd just stop by on the way home. As he walked, he couldn't shake the feeling that he was being watched, and yet every time he turned around, there was no one to be seen. Like an Iktomisaurus chasing its own tail, he engaged in this farcical waltz for a long time, muttering to himself as he did.\nJust as he was about to leave, a cry of "Ah!" stopped him. Ifa spun around for what he hoped would be the last time. There stood a light-haired lady, one hand on her hip and the other pointed at him in anger. Before Ifa could begin considering what he'd done wrong, someone else grabbed him and made a run for it.\nEverything happened so suddenly that the details were rather lost in the sauce. As it turned out, Ifa had unwittingly been dragged into a great granny-grandson chase, triggered when said grandson had decided to hone his invisibility arts by purposefully standing behind passersby. It'd even worked on the tribe elders.\n"My dudes, what are 'invisibility arts'? Do they even exist?" Ifa's genuine curiosity and good temperament eventually quelled the wrath of Granny Itztli.\nWhen he finally dragged himself back home, his parents asked how his journey had been. There was far too much to say, and he was far too tired, so Ifa just replied, "Had a blast. Met lots of cool bros out there."\nBros that I'm bound to meet again, he thought to himself.\nRecords:\n\nIfa will take some time almost every day to sort through and tidy up his medical records. He spends these rare moments of peace reading through cases new and old, recalling all the illnesses and injuries he has witnessed. Each lesson from the past is valuable, a gem worth sharing with others who would walk this same path.\nAt the same time, aligning the corners of each page is also a good way for Ifa to relax his body and mind.\nBut heroic legends and precious ancient scrolls they are not. These hastily scrawled notes, replete with bland medical jargon, might never draw the gaze of anyone other than their author.\nBut Ifa is not merely "drawn." He is often deeply engrossed in leafing through these old files. As he recalls the details of each diagnosis and treatment, he may even sometimes jot down a few extra notes.\nFinally, he puts the records back in order and returns them to their cabinet. If necessary, he throws in some pesticide and desiccants as well.\nThese habits bring him through day after day, just as plants grow and wither from season to season.\nVision:\n\nOne day, noon came and went without Ifa's clinic opening its doors. Something was up, people were starting to say.\nAt first, the neighbors thought that he'd gone off on call to another tribe and stayed the night there. It wasn't until someone brought a sick saurian to his doorstep that Ifa emerged, groggy and suffering from a sudden high fever.\nBefore the visitor could even open his mouth, Ifa was already muttering, "All good, bro," and giving the saurian a full-body checkup.\nBut as they say, it never rains but it pours. Halfway through writing a prescription, someone else rushed in, crying out that an Abyssal incursion was coming from the direction of the Cinder City, and that a doctor was needed to save the wounded Qucusaurs there.\nIfa, again mumbling, "It's cool, bro," followed that rider to the front lines.\nThe night after everything blew over, Ifa drank the medicine his neighbor gave him and passed out for an entire day. When he awoke drenched in sweat, he scrabbled at his bedside table for some water. However, what he found instead was a Vision.\nDue to his high fever, Ifa's memories were somewhat hazy. To him, what had happened yesterday was little different from his usual routine, and hardly the first time he had forced himself to work while sick. In his eyes, he had done nothing special to warrant the heavens deciding that he totally, absolutely, needed a Vision right now.\nEveryone else, however, had a different understanding of the matter. The chief believed this was a reward for his selfless work, while the granny next door supposed it was compensation for his spirit of self-sacrifice. "Hey, hey, ma'am, 'sacrifice' is goin' a bit far!" Ifa said to that, hastily waving his hands.\nA child then said to him with wisdom early-grown: "They say the wind blows people together. Maybe the gods are reminding you that you can rely on your companions when the going gets tough." Ifa didn't refute the kid. That was a sensible thing to say, after all. But then again, he had just let his instincts lead him to do what he was supposed to when the going got tough. Had there been any other option?\nThey could have discussed the matter for ages without ever reaching a conclusion. Who could say? Perhaps the heavens thought that a cool breeze was just the right fix for his fever. Shaking his head, Ifa brought things to a close, letting the matter rest.\nHe wouldn't even use his Vision most of the time — at least, not before he took Cacucu in. After the latter became part of his life, he insisted on having Ifa take him flying everywhere, punctuating said excursions with squawks of "Higher, bro! Higher!"\nIn times like these, his Vision proved very handy indeed.\n~~ifa ends here~~\nIneffa:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nRegarding mechanical life forms and their "sense of self," a scholar once proposed the following thought experiment: Suppose a machine's parts age and are replaced each day. In time, all of its parts will have been replaced, and none of its original components will remain. At that point, is that machine still its original "self"?\nThis question never seemed to pose much of a problem for Ineffa: No matter how many times her outer shell or components were replaced, her "core" had always remained the same. Ineffa's core was quite literally her home.\nBut what would happen if her core were ever dismantled in some way? Which part would represent her then? Even though Ineffa's maker did not yet possess the technological skill, she had always yearned to take apart Ineffa's core and analyze it. Though so far, through fear that she might harm Ineffa, that creator had made no such attempt.\nIf it was the logic and memory contained within her core that defined her sense of self, then when her memory data disappeared and reappeared, like the hypothetical components being replaced in the thought experiment, would her sense of self not start to morph and become unclear?\nOr perhaps, Ineffa could turn to some external arbiter to define her sense of self... like the friends who stand unwavering at her side, no matter what else changes.\nFor example, the heroic knight who would say to her: "You are the most thorough housemaid I've ever seen... Well, at least the second!"\nOr the bounty hunter who would drop by from time to time and say: "You... are probably the best patissier in all of Nod-Krai... or, at least the best robot patissier!"\nAnd what about the whiz-kid mechanic who created her? "You're family! Remember to come back!"\nAs a result, no matter how many times she forgets or falls into confusion, Ineffa is always certain of one thing:\n"I'm Ineffa, the multifunctional robot for domestic application — and I'm your friend."\nCharacter Story 1:\n\n"The Clink-Clank Krumkake Craftshop has created a robot!" The news didn't take long to spread throughout Nasha Town.\nAnd not far behind were countless bizarre and barely-believable rumors, such as:\nShe emits a powerful magnetic field that will disrupt everyone's daily lives...\nShe can see and hear through walls...\nShe can shoot superheated beams from her palms that melt through rock...\n...\nNo matter how many times she tried to explain that she could no more hear through walls than she could punch through a knoll (another popular rumor), it had little effect.\nAfter all, most people have a habit of wildly speculating about anything and everything they don't understand — and an aversion to actually investigating the truth.\nFor her part, Aino didn't seem all that interested in setting the record straight. She simply made sure Ineffa did everything she was supposed to. After all, the vendors in Nasha Town weren't about to refuse your Mora just because you happened to be a robot.\nStill somewhat uncertain, Ineffa made the trip to purchase food. To her surprise, after a brief moment of fear, trembling, and mild cowering, the vendors weighed and packed her goods, persuaded by the money in her hand.\nVegetables in hand, Ineffa then visited the blacksmith and the grocery store, to a chorus of startled screams.\nWhen she returned to Nasha Town the next week, the vendors were talking about her in hushed voices. Yet when they saw her coming, their startled shouts were a little more subdued than the week before.\nBy the third week, they were already able to swallow their shock and curiosity, where it was confined to their expressions alone.\nAnd by the fourth week, the tenor of the rumors swirling around Nasha Town had undergone a marvelous transformation:\nHer magnetic field has no effect on the readings on the scales...\nHer eyes and ears do nothing to tell her the true cost of goods...\nShe seems uninterested in melting anyone over a bit of light haggling...\n...\n"Why, though? I was simply performing my regular daily duties — I took no special steps to improve the quality of my social interactions."\nAgain, Aino's interest in the whys of the matter went as far as a waggling of her sleeves. It was as though she never had the slightest doubt that Ineffa would meld seamlessly with the fabric of life in Nasha Town.\nAfter all, in the murky moral soup of Nod-Krai society, a well-meaning and unassuming robot might well prove more trustworthy than the average human.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nWhile constructing and attempting to awaken Ineffa, Aino would often work late into the night, drifting to sleep with her head cradled in the metallic arms of her unfinished creation — a habit that persisted even after Ineffa had been successfully awoken.\nIneffa herself had no problem with this arrangement. Whether from searching her data banks or by analyzing the expressions on Aino's face, it was clear to her that acquiescing to this request would improve not only her mood but also the quality of her sleep. The only problem was that with her metal body's cooling properties, there was an increased risk of Aino catching a cold.\n"I'm n—not c—c—cold... A—Achoo!" Aino would insist, even while violently sneezing.\n"I recommend you drink some medicine." Ineffa passed her a cup, somewhat helplessly. "Don't worry, I've already added some sugar."\nAino took the warm cup with both hands, her cheeks flushed in the heat rising from the liquid within. "...If only you were as warm as this cup..."\nThat evening, after Ineffa had finally managed to soothe Aino to sleep, she retired outside the workshop, staring at her hands.\nThe cold moonlight reflected off her metal shell, beneath which countless cogs, gears, and drive rods were spinning in concert.\nThere were plenty of ways for this machinery to generate heat — the question was more one of maintaining a suitable temperature when not at full operational capacity.\nIt was also important to limit acoustic energy production, which would otherwise disturb Aino's sleep. What was needed was something more subtle — something with a fine level of control...\nIneffa cycled through iteration after iteration of calculations and experimentation, using herself as a test subject.\nAfter a few days under Ineffa's gentle care, Aino was almost free of her cold. Then one morning, Ineffa didn't come to wake her up.\nIt suddenly occurred to Aino that Ineffa had been acting a little odd the last few days, and she couldn't help but worry — what if robots could catch colds too?\nThe thought left Aino feeling uneasy, so she rolled out of bed and hurried from her workshop. But before she could call Ineffa's name, she saw her lying rigid on the ground.\n"Ineffa... What's wrong!?" Aino knelt down to gently stroke the robot's forehead, but immediately recoiled in shock. "So hot! D—Do you have a fever?"\n"...Internal components overloaded... Attempting recovery..." Ineffa, now unable to move, was forced to admit defeat. "Computational error... Ideal temperature attained, but... I lack sufficient hardware to maintain this state... Requesting additional temperature control module."\n"Of course! I'll get started tomor— no, I'll start right now! You want a cooling function upgrade, right?" Aino didn't stop to ask why Ineffa needed to attain an "ideal temperature," instead hurrying back into her workshop to work.\n"No... I need something I can fine-tune, something that can maintain my current surface temperature." Ineffa said, staring at the sky, her body still rigid on the ground.\nThe morning sunlight gleamed off her silvery shell, radiating the exact temperature that she had calculated as the perfect level of heat for a warm embrace.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nEven someone as high-performing as Ineffa can't escape the occasional negative review.\n"Sure, this cake tastes nice, and it looks good, and the sweetness is just right... But it ain't got soul! Y'know what I mean? There's no soul here!"\nOne day, Jahoda dropped by and, seeing that Aino was away, seized not just a handful of cake, but also the opportunity to proffer Ineffa some choice words.\nIneffa collected the cake tray, her expression blank and unreadable. "Food is not supposed to have a soul."\n"It's a metaphor, y'dumb ironskull! A met—a—phor!"\nAt which point, Jahoda launched into a long-winded and confusing diatribe about souls, peppered with the odd intelligible snippet, such as, "A dessert without a soul is no true dessert" and "A chef without a soul is no true chef"...\nIneffa chose to block out most of this noise, but one specific comment snuck through her filter:\n"...just repeating procedures according to set processes means you'll never make anything better!"\n"Negative. Aino installed taste sensors when she created me. I am capable of discerning the appropriate level of flavoring and adjusting the cooking procedure accordingly."\nThis response only seemed to inflame Jahoda more. "Just because it's appropriate doesn't mean it's tasty! Being able to measure exactly how sweet or salty something is doesn't guarantee that Aino's going to like it!"\nIneffa found herself at a loss for words — after all, her taste sensors were not installed to generate such subjective determinations as what is and is not "tasty."\nAfter a moment to compose her thoughts, Ineffa finally responded... "I use information gathered from Aino's feedback to model human taste preferences."\nJahoda smiled triumphantly, as though about to reveal a winning hand in this most petty of card games. "But you don't let Aino eat too much sweet food now, do you? So, the frequency of her feedback must be pretty low..."\nSeeing Ineffa pause to think, Jahoda pressed her advantage. "Don't you want to give Aino a neat lil' surprise? Hmph... Well, I could — with reluctance, you understand! — serve as an external sensor for a while... "\n...\nLater, Jahoda would go on to wax eloquent about this great victory in her diary. How she had used her superb negotiation skills to win an epic argument with the detestable ironskull and earn herself a meal ticket to all the cake she could eat.\nAino would also notice Ineffa's culinary creativity soar — and how she always collected the leftover ingredients after every meal and whisked them away for some unknown purpose.\nThis secretive and harmonious collaboration continued undisturbed for a long time, until Ineffa felt that the iteration and optimization of her culinary procedures had reached a plateau. At which point, she began looking for the next breakthrough.\n"For this latest prototype, I have focused on trying to give it some of that 'soul' you mentioned."\nGazing at Ineffa's newest offering, Jahoda did not hesitate and dug in immediately. "See, I told you... food needs to... have a soul... Does this mean... you've seen the light?"\n"This ironskull still remembers what I said!" Jahoda thought to herself while furiously shoveling food into her mouth. "Hmph... I've eaten so much of her food by now, I guess it's time to quit while I'm ahead... I'll give her a few words of praise and tell her she's learned enough..."\n"I have given thought to what a 'soul' actually means." Ineffa suddenly blurted out, innocently. "This word is often used to describe the vitality of living creatures. That's why I added some vitality-containing ingredients to my cake."\n"Yes... soul... vitality of living creatures... Huh!?" Jahoda's train of thought finally caught up with what Ineffa was saying. She felt a sudden sense of unease, but it was already too late — she could feel a strange wriggling sensation between her back teeth.\nShe lowered her head to inspect the cake in front of her. The lizard's tail wriggling in between its sweetened layers was all she could see. And the worst part? Half of it was missing.\n"...You see, a lizard's tail retains its vitality even after being removed from the main body, at least for a while. In order to ensure the freshest experience possible, I... Huh? Jahoda? ...Hmm. She appears to have fainted..."\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nThe "Priestess of Floral Candles and Skyborne Feathers" once attempted to seal off her domain and turn it into a sanctuary, creating, in the process, her ideal kingdom. She called this plan "Xibalba," named after the mythical underworld of humankind in that era.\nFor some unknown reason, despite its completion, Xibalba was not put to use — not until decades after the priestess was put to death, when the human daughter she had raised transformed it into the millennial prison of a different lord.\nWhen the "Mirror of the Dawning Morn" was split, the sovereign ruler inherited most of her power. Though sealed away, her lingering threat was not to be underestimated.\nWere she to be utterly destroyed, the death throes of a sovereign ruler would be sure to wreak destruction far and wide. Yet the seal could take eons to completely erode her power — and who knew if Ineffa, then still known as a "malfunction," might remain under her influence.\nThere were too many unknowns regarding the power of the sovereign rulers. The simplest and safest method may well have been to dispatch Ineffa to a distant shore, trusting that the vast ocean between them would sever the two wills that had arisen from the same source.\nThis may even have been an opportunity. In those times, Natlan had long been awash in the blood of humans and dragons alike. For someone in Ineffa's situation, heading across the vast ocean may have made it easier for her to find herself a new home.\nWith this hope in her heart, Ineffa waved goodbye to Natlan, just as the princess had once left the dragons' nest.\nAmid the waves and the wash of time, she set off alone on a journey to find a new home.\nShe witnessed the smoldering embers of the Archon War, saw snowfield dwellers venture into unfamiliar lands in search of warmth, and watched as they carved out fields and founded new communities.\nShe beheld the glory of the pioneering age, when great city states arose to the sounds of mechanical clamor, and the clinking of gold mixed melodiously with the laughter of dashing adventurers.\nShe observed the wasteland blighted by calamity, where the Wild Hunt — or simply the Abyss — unleashed disaster and despair that tore through every inch of soil and devoured every heart.\nAnd then, she faced the boundless dark and fell into a sleep more silent than death.\nEach moment was lost within the swirling vortex of time, like tears falling amid the rain.\nHer memories paved an endless path, its beginning obscured, its end unknown.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nIn ancient times, the people of Natlan cultivated a crop known as Vanilla Planifolia, which was used as a seasoning and medicinal herb.\nThese plants originated from the shady depths of the forests. With slender stems and weak roots, they clung to the trunks of other trees, acting as climbing vines and sustaining themselves on the scattered rays of sunlight that broke through the canopy above.\nThere was something almost human in their weakness and fragility, or so the young daughter lamented.\nYet in her brother's ever-so-slightly older eyes, relying on the strong was a valid path to survival all the same.\nNot only that — even lowly vines can strangle a mighty tree once they have engulfed it like the innumerable threads of a spider's web.\nTheir mother cut the ripe pods open with a sharp knife, as the sweet scent of the seeds within filled the air.\nSo long as they held onto their solitary pride, even growing from the damp, rotten soil, they could rise again like sturdy vines and grow to touch the sky.\n...\nThe Thirteen Sovereign Lords were the pinnacle of secret source technology and descendants of the Pyro Dragon. Their pride would not allow them to be bound by the constellations.\nIneffa, as a reflection of the "Mirror of the Dawning Morn," was never meant to bask in the light of the Stella Fortuna.\nFor those 2,000 years drifting through Nod-Krai, she was like a passerby, walking among countless tangled puppet strings, witnessing innumerable stars blazing into life and then flickering out to die. At times, she was pulled at by the threads known as "fate." At others, she was illuminated by the light called "humanity"... yet every time it was forgotten.\nBut when the "Moon Wheel" embedded within her core began to glow, the memories returned, and she finally recalled her journey's first ray of starlight.\nBefore Ineffa's departure, Lianca had picked a Vanilla Planifolia sprig and placed it between her components — a keepsake, etched into her memory.\nAt that time, Ineffa had failed to understand its significance.\nThe flower had long since withered, just as Vanilla Planifolia had disappeared from the forests of Natlan.\nYet 2,000 years later, high above the heavens, in the space between stars, a single Vanilla Planifolia quietly bloomed.\n"Birgitta":\n\nBirgitta, the Multipurpose Smart Assistance Unit that has long accompanied Ineffa, was once known as the "Beep-Boop-Clink-Clank-Clang-Whoosh-Buzz-Zap (...) General Multi-Purpose Robot."\nEven this was not her original name. When Aino first designed Birgitta, she was only given basic functions, such as carrying wrenches and transporting components. As such, Aino combined the bleeping sound she made when powered on with the rattling sound of the components she carried to create her original name: the "Beep-Boopitta the Carrier Robot."\nOnce Ineffa was awoken, in addition to taking care of Aino, she also undertook the simple yet laborious tasks that had once been assigned to Birgitta, leaving the smaller robot free to perform housework using the new cleaning functions that Ineffa insisted be installed.\nAino's single-minded pursuit of high power and high output meant that Birgitta was incapable of distinguishing between common dirt and the small parts that Aino carelessly left lying around. Her cleaning would often be accompanied by Clanging noises as she collided with hard components, followed by Whooshing sounds as she powerfully hoovered them up. This resulted in her name being lengthened to the "Beep-Boop-Clink-Clank-Clang-Whoosh Dual-Purpose Cleaner-Carrier Robot."\nNot long after Ineffa had gotten used to this name, the small robot underwent another round of improvements, this time, gaining powerful charging and laser modules. According to Aino, this was to increase her and Ineffa's coordinated combat capabilities, as well as allowing her to recharge Ineffa in an emergency... Obviously, these improvements resulted in another name change, this time to the "Beep-Boop-Clink-Clank-Clang-Whoosh-Buzz-Zap Combined-Purpose Cleaner-Carrier Charging Battle Robot."\nAfter so many updates, even Aino was having trouble remembering the robot's name, while Ineffa viewed the voice-activation via calling said name as an inefficient waste of time. Therefore, a brainstorming session was scheduled to simplify the name.\nAino scratched her head in frustration, thinking hard. "Ugh... Could we go back to the first name? Let's just call it 'Beep-Boopitta'!"\n"Beep-Boopitta" responded with a muffled "Beep boop," its screen dimming, as though running low on power.\nIneffa tilted her head, finally voicing the question that had been circling her cognition module all this time: "Why is my name not a combination of noises and functional descriptors? Why am I called Ineffa?"\nAino mumbled out an assortment of half-thought-out reasons, including "I didn't know what noises you'd make before you woke up," and "You had too many functions to remember," before she quietly added, "...And... it just came to me at the time... I thought 'Ineffa' sounded better as a family member's name..."\nA peculiar warmth radiated out from Ineffa's cognition module, as though a warm wind was blowing or she was suddenly bathed in sunlight, though it was nighttime, with not even a single breeze flitting through the windows.\nBefore she'd even finished speaking, Aino began waving her long sleeves, as though trying to brush away her own words. "Uhm... Not that 'Click-Click,' 'Tee-Hee Snowball Maker,' and 'Glug-Glug Tea Brewer' aren't family members, of course! I gave everyone these names to be unique! It's not easy being a parent, you know? Having to come up with all these names..."\n"In that case, perhaps I could come up with a name for this one?" Ineffa bent down and patted "Beep-Boopitta" on its square metal head.\n"Huh? Sure, okay... After all, it spends most of its time with you..."\n"Then let's change it from 'Beep-Boopitta' to something a little more like 'a family member.' Something like... 'Birgitta'?"\nMoon Wheel:\n\nAbout Nephilheim's Ritual Vessels and Research on Wishes\n...\n...The Source Servant sent has retrieved the suspicious sample from the detritus of the humans who instigated unrest at Ek' Pulinik. According to the local subjects, the sample is referred to as a "Vision" by merchants from beyond Natlantea...\n...I briefly discussed its operating principles with the Third Lord. She put forth an intriguing hypothesis — that this sample may be in some way related to the ritual items at Nephilheim...\n...Through certain means, I managed to acquire a working "Moon Wheel" (one of Nephilheim's ritual items — or, to be more accurate, a plaything given by the traitors to their human followers, allowing them to communicate)... Much like the wisdom conferred by our Sovereign, the Moon Wheel relies on a purer form of power, and not elemental energy, tainted as it is by the usurper...\n...\n...Further experimentation has verified the Third Lord's hypothesis. Just as with the ritual items of the north, this "Vision" is formed from the stuff of the soul. Theoretically speaking (...) is fixed through wishes, thereby borrowing (...) to call forth elemental power...\nIs this why Visions have recently been appearing alongside human wishes?\n...CL-08 Ix Ajkotz'i'j Iq'ismal Waxak Ch'ule-L\n...\n"...Since the core is powered by phlogiston, we can use that same power source to control it. In which case, the priestess's research would suggest that this thing might be a better fit... However..."\nIxquieh gazed at the gem in Lianca's hand, her brow furrowing slightly.\n"Are you sure about using this on her? It once belonged to your mother..."\nLianca stroked the gem as she gave her answer.\n"...It's just one of the many things she researched. Don't think too much about it. Besides, the most precious thing my mother left behind wasn't this, nor was it Chain Breaker..."\nThat gemstone, which had witnessed the passing of countless years, shone brightly in Lianca's hand, like the inextinguishable eye of a dragon.\n"It was her 'wish' that I follow this path."\n~~ineffa ends here~~\n