Lan Yan:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nWhen it comes time for the residents of Chenyu Vale to spruce up their homes, there is more than just the usual panoply of intricately carved wooden beds and tables on offer. They also have a fine selection of wickerwork furnishings to choose from — delicately crafted by their own master rattan weaver.\nThis latter option provides a distinctive, refreshing, and elegant style and is something the Vale's residents know they can always rely on as a safe choice.\nWhile fine silk garments imported from Liyue Harbor have an undeniable allure, cloth dyed locally is both durable and functional, and exhibits patterns and colors that exude a familiar charm.\nYet it is the crafting of silver and jade into objects of great beauty for which Chenyu Vale's artisans are perhaps best known, so much so that the owner of Mingxing Jewelry — a time-honored and respected establishment in Liyue Harbor — regularly dispatches representatives to come looking for wares.\nSilver-smithing, jade-carving, cloth-dying, rattan-weaving, and countless other crafts — Chenyu Vale is famed as the home of the most outstanding and accomplished artisans in each field. Skilled, dextrous, and creative are but a few words that could be used to describe them.\nLan Yan is a master rattan weaver and a Chenyu Vale Artisans Association member.\nShould a wandering traveler get lost in the tranquil valley, betwixt sparkling mountain springs and gnarled and ancient tea trees, and there stumble upon a smiling young woman, adorned in silver ornaments, it might well be Lan Yan, out collecting rattan vines.\nFeel free to ask her for directions, for she will kindly guide you through the swirling mountain mists of Chenyu Vale and set you on the path to the picturesque hamlet of Qiaoying Village, with its white brick walls and gray tiled roofs.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nChenyu Vale has long been praised as a cradle of artisans, with many a master craftsperson honing their skills in the picturesque surroundings of Qiaoying Village.\nWith generations of artisans living and working together, the village tradespeople naturally chose to form a collective to protect their shared interests. Now, they proudly announce themselves as members of the Chenyu Vale Artisans Association, spreading prestige for their hometown and their skills everywhere they go.\nMembers of the association not only look out for each other in crafting and trade, but they form a close-knit, neighborly group who are always there for each other in good times and in bad.\nAsk any member of the association about rattan weaving, and one name above all you would hear — Lan Yan. Despite her youth, she excels at weaving all manner of rattan goods while also having a grasp on the arcane Qimen arts.\nIt is said that "skills honed to the highest pinnacle produce art that touches the divine realm." The venerable masters believe that anyone who reaches the apex of their craft will uncover abilities that cut through the spiritual divide. To them, Lan Yan — with her Vision and attunement to the Qimen arts — is a truly remarkable young woman.\nAs for Lan Yan herself, well, she's having none of it. When others shower her with praise, this is her usual, slightly abashed retort: "I'm really only interested in rattan weaving."\nA merchant from Liyue Harbor once came bearing gifts of gold and words of praise. He humbly requested that "Lan Yan the Master Rattan Weaver" produce two pieces of furniture for his new home.\nWhile waiting patiently in the association's halls, he had expected to be greeted by a serious, even taciturn face — one perhaps wizened by age. Yet when Lan Yan entered, he was shocked to discover a bright-eyed, fresh-faced young woman.\nHer joy and exuberance were evident as she greeted all those present with glee. There was no hint of arrogance in her demeanor. When the merchant told her of his request, she simply nodded and said, "Leave it to me!" as though her craft was as simple as pouring a cup of tea. With that, she shouldered her basket and headed out into the hills to pick the necessary vines.\nThe artisan tasked with greeting the association's guests patted the merchant on the shoulder. "Lan Yan's a straightforward young craftswoman, there's no need to stand on ceremony with her. She agreed to your request, so, the way she sees it, why not get started? Come on, let's go and get something to snack on while you wait."\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nTo Lan Yan's mind, the process of weaving rattan goods is a simple one.\nThe first step is to gather enough vines.\nIn the verdant mountains, the first rays of the morning sun are the purest, and as the last birds to rise lend their voices to the dawn chorus, Lan Yan sets off towards the wooded slopes with her trusty bamboo basket and pruning knife in hand.\nThe vines like to grow where the soil is moist, though whether they prefer to bask in the sunlight or take shelter in the shade appears to be a matter of temperament and personal preference.\nDifferent vines are suited to the weaving of different objects. A folding screen, for example, requires a certain stubborn resilience. Lan Yan often looks for such vines in old-growth forests, with their ancient trees towering high overhead — to climb and cling on to such imposing trees requires a more rugged constitution.\nIn contrast, a woven flower basket calls for vines of a more supple nature. These vines are often found by the water's edge, where the thirsty rattan palms send out myriad soft offshoots that cover the ground like a carpet. Such soft vines can be bent to form the shape of a basket without snapping.\nOnce enough vines have been collected, it is time to return home and process them.\nThe woody cores can be used to shape and weave a solid frame, while the skin, once peeled away, can be woven into a fabric-like material that helps give rattan goods their finished shape. Both of these materials must first be washed and dried.\nLan Yan likes to sing while she soaks and stirs the rattan strips — and as she pulls them out of the water, one by one, to dry them in the courtyard. Sometimes her mother and father will join her, and they will talk and laugh while they lay the strips out in the sun.\nOnce the cores and skins have been processed, then comes the most crucial part of the process — weaving.\nRattan weaving requires significant concentration — warp and weft, along and across. From a pile of cores and strips of skin, a perfectly sculpted object begins to take shape.\nLan Yan views the fruits of her labor not so much as products, but as living entities, lovingly birthed by her hands.\nEven if two of her creations might appear indistinguishable to an outside observer, she can tell them apart by the subtle changes in touch and force applied, the order of her weaving, or the emotions she felt while she made them. Each of her rattan children has its unique feel.\nWhile weaving, Lan Yan maintains a singular focus on her task. She is not easily distracted by idle chatter, nor the excited cries of her neighbors' cats and dogs, nor graceful swallows swooping beneath the eaves. There are times — perhaps to escape the noise — when she will take her work to a familiar mountainside to sit in silence and weave.\nUnlike her family at home, the flowers, birds, fish, and insects that roam freely in the forested hills feel no need to leave a quiet space for Lan Yan to weave in.\nThe most mischievous offenders are the little foxes, who, indulging their natural curiosity, come to watch Lan Yan as she works, nudging and sniffing at her jugs and jars, spilling her varnish and inadvertently waterproofing their paws.\nThe panicked foxes then trample on the flower basket she has been weaving, leaving shiny paw prints in their wake. Thanks to this unique touch — the innocence of the wilderness — this basket will become one of Lan Yan's favorite creations.\nThat is how rattan weaving is — simple yet never boring, and this experience is one of Lan Yan's most cherished and happiest moments in a life spent devoted to her craft.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nMuch like the exorcists who dwell on Mt. Tianheng, the Lan clan, with their affinity for the Qimen arts, have long made Chenyu Vale their home.\nOne such art requires the use of rattan figures. As a result, such figures — and the skills to make them — are something the Lan clan values highly. What sets Lan Yan apart, is that unlike the rest of her family, who view rattan weaving as a means to an end, she views it as an art in itself, one whose importance far outstrips the arcane and esoteric purposes that fascinate her kin.\nThough Lan Yan once studied the classic texts of the Qimen arts under the tutelage of her relatives, she did little more than scratch the surface, and her knowledge pales before experienced practitioners. Then again, she does not claim to be an expert, though that doesn't stop curious members of the association from asking her to perform rituals or ward off ill omens.\nAfter receiving too many such requests, Lan Yan can only sigh.\nBorn into a branch of the Lan clan, Lan Yan does not conform to the typical image of a geomancer that an outsider might have. The only visible sign of her heritage is her silver hair ornament, modeled after the "Jade-Plumed Silverwing."\nThis heirloom symbolizes the Lan clan's connections to the "Eight Adepts" — significant figures in Liyue's history.\nThe term refers to eight great heroes who once fought against the god Tao Dou. Of these eight heroes, the Jade-Plumed Silverwing, Lone Butterfly of the Crimson Flame, and Gold-Eyed Celadon Mare are known as the Three Beasts of Tao Dou.\nOf the remaining five, Wind Reader, the Wuwang Kid, and the Yunlai Angler were honored as the Three Hermits of Guizang. They and the Two Sages of Lianshan were all human.\nThe Jade-Plumed Silverwing had a deep connection with Wind Reader, who was a truly remarkable individual. It was he who first taught the Lan clan the secrets of the Qimen arts.\nThe silver ornament that Lan Yan now wears in her hair has been passed down from generation to generation so that the descendants of the Lan clan never forget where they came from.\nLan Yan knows the story of the Eight Adepts well and regularly makes trips to watch Liyue opera performances that tell of their exploits. Despite this, their story never left a strong impression on her.\nThroughout Liyue's long history, selfless acts for the benefit of future generations — or "planting trees for the children of tomorrow," as the locals like to say — have been a recurring motif. Many such tales have already been lost to the winds of time, while others have entered the collective psyche and become part of Liyue's living folk memory.\nAnd because such stories exist, carefree, exuberant young men and women like Lan Yan are free to roam the wild slopes of Chenyu Vale, smiling and laughing and singing folk songs amidst nature's beauty.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nWhenever Lantern Rite rolls along, the Ministry of Civil Affairs in Liyue Harbor is especially busy organizing street fairs, performances, and all sorts of other festive activities.\nMinistry officials — often rushed off their feet — can be seen dashing hither and thither, attempting to enlist the most capable members of Liyue society to contribute toward the most important festival of the year.\nIn previous years, the Chenyu Vale Artisans Association has always been happy to send their representatives to help. This year, the Ministry of Civil Affairs asked specifically for Lan Yan.\nFor Lan Yan, who grew up in the leafy confines of the vale, rarely venturing beyond its verdant slopes except to accompany her grandfather on his travels, this was her first real journey to the city.\nLike so many customers who have traveled to Chenyu Vale to seek the services of the famed rattan weaving master, those at the Ministry of Civil Affairs were shocked to discover that the master artisan whose help they sought was a fresh-faced, unimposing young woman.\nThe young artisan politely rejected the food and lodging the ministry offered, preferring to wander the city streets by herself, conversing with visitors and citizens alike — to use her own words, "This is my first time coming as far as Liyue Harbor, I'd like to find my own way around."\nShe ate her first meal in the Wanmin Restaurant, where she was taken unawares by the spicy boiled fish, and was left gulping down water to cool the fires on her tongue.\nShe then spent much of her first evening wandering Chihu Rock, before Liyue Harbor's nighttime soundscape soothed her to sleep.\nHer first conversation was with a soldier returning home from a posting to the Chasm. The soldier helped a lost Lan Yan find her bearings and, upon hearing she had come from Chenyu Vale, told her at length of the red mountains of the Chasm and played her a melodious tune.\n"The world truly is a large place," she thought.\nLiyue itself is already home to many people and places, each unique in their own way. The waters of Chenyu Vale sport gentle beauty and natural charm, the clamorous streets of Liyue Harbor burst with bustling color, and the stark landscapes of the Chasm are vast and imposing. And outside Liyue... an even larger world awaits.\nFor the first time in her life, Lan Yan desired to see more of the world, to use the rattan strands of her hometown to weave the scenes she might see there to become one with her own heart.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nIt is rare to see Lan Yan without a smile on her face, and even her best friends would be hard-pressed to recall a time they've seen her cry.\nOf course, she too has moments of unhappiness, though they are few and far between. Whenever she feels sad, all she needs to do is allow a mischievous lamb to butt its head against her leg or a fluffy puppy to nip her hand, and her worries melt away like morning snow.\nAs far as Lan Yan is concerned, every second spent thinking unhappy thoughts is time that could be better devoted to playing happily with the beasts of the fields and forests.\nMost of the time, an afternoon whiled away among the tea trees with her animal friends is enough to dispel unpleasant feelings.\nHowever, there are times when more drastic action is required — such as letting her cares wash away while swimming in the wilds.\nThere isn't a pool or waterway between Qiaoying Village and Mt. Lingmeng that Lan Yan hasn't swum in, nor a crisp mountain spring that hasn't filled her cupped hands or reflected her face.\nShe reclines in the water, the gentle current keeping her afloat, as her black hair swirls on the surface and tiny fish nibble playfully at her feet. All the while, warm rays of sunlight cast dappled shadows on the streambed below.\nHere she daydreams in viridian and emerald hues of a life much the same as hers.\nShe wakes at dawn in such dreams, in a house with white brick walls and a gray tiled roof. There she drinks a cup of morning tea, before punting a bamboo raft down the stream outside, singing all the while. In her dream, too, she weaves rattan objects, as a tiny dog bounds over to her side and licks her hand. And with that, she awakens.\nLike every son and daughter of Chenyu Vale, Lan Yan is as simple and pure as a clear mountain spring.\nShe has everything she wants and so doesn't dwell on dreams.\nThe bright lights and exotic sights of the world outside are no more attractive to her than a butterfly to a deer. Sure, a curious deer may leave its verdant slopes to gaze upon a passing butterfly, but it will soon return to whence it came to happily graze once more.\nWherever Lan Yan's travels may take her, it is never long before she returns home to Chenyu Vale.\nEven the most wonderful dreams cannot compare to the scent of freshly roasted tea leaves, just as even the most distant fantasies cannot compete with the beauty of the swirling mountain mists that wreath Mt. Xuanlian.\nAfter wringing out her hair by the water's edge and getting back into her dry clothes, Lan Yan carefully dons each of her silver bracelets, earrings, and necklace. It is time for her to return home.\nThe silver ornamentations that adorn her are gifts from her family, and they chime and jingle as she walks, playing a melodious mountain tune. Wherever she goes, she is accompanied by joyful music.\nSwimming in the wilds is not without its dangers, and she has been reprimanded by her grandfather on more than one occasion. There would surely be more stern words if she were to be caught again today. Next time, she muses, it might be better to take a friend.\nBut that's a matter for another day. Tonight, there is Tea-Smoked Squab on the menu.\nSong of Swallows:\n\n"Swallows nest when skies are fair, but hide when storms are in the air."\n"When death is near and all hopes fade, the swallow comes, a life to trade."\nThis is one of the many superstitions that Lan Yan has told you of. She warned you to treat swallows with care, for when our final moments approach, a swallow may well appear before the gates of Tao Dou to take your place in death. To hear her tell it, her grandfather also claimed that swallows could bring about an early demise if treated unkindly.\nIt's easy to get on board with the message preaching kindness and the sanctity of life, but the part about dying if you're not quite nice enough seems a little extreme.\nMany such old superstitions are as unfathomable to people today as rain that falls from a cloudless sky — ideas such as "fingernails shouldn't be cut at night," "chopsticks mustn't be laid horizontally on bowls," or "a new season's first picking of tea cannot be drunk by children."\nIn truth, even though kindness to swallows is a widely practiced folk tradition in Chenyu Vale, to most youths, the idea is nothing more than a nursery rhyme, sung to them as infants.\nOnly the Lan family upholds this tradition with the rigor of an unwritten rule — any swallow that builds its nest beneath their eaves is welcome to stay for as long as it may please.\n"They can be bothersome at times, but once the swallows get to know me, they like to hop up on my shoulder and keep me company while I weave."\nWhen she told you this, you were with her in Jademouth, riding Uncle Bosu's bamboo raft. The old man's singing was accompanied by a gentle breeze, while a pelican lay fast asleep in the back of the boat.\nThe silver swallow in her hair glinted brightly in the sunlight, as warm and lustrous as her eyes.\nGazing at that ornament, you couldn't help but wonder if the Lan family's tradition of caring for swallows might stem from their history with the Jade-Plumed Silverwing, and your thoughts turned to the stories of those ancient days.\nSeeing the glazed expression in your eyes, Lan Yan leaned in and gently tweaked your nose.\nAs though waking from a dream, you were greeted by her smiling face, and not far in the distance, the sights and sounds of the docks told you that your journey was almost at an end.\nVision:\n\nMuch like all handicrafts, rattan weaving is a skill that relies more on the body than the mind.\nOnce a frame has been crafted and the overall shape of an object set, Lan Yan must use the utmost care to weave each warp and every weft. After years of practice, the skills and movements of her craft have not only been burned into her brain but become second nature and muscle memory.\nOn a deeper level, this process has also gradually refined and clarified her spirit.\nLan Yan is a master rattan weaver. She has never been given over to grandiose dreams of chasing the moon and the stars, nor of forsaking all that she has and living her life as a hermit on some distant mountain.\nHer life is a simple one, natural and unadorned.\nAs she weaves, her hands honor the memories of days past, retracing their steps to expertly craft delicate patterns and shapes.\nAll the while, her heart does not lie idle, for she is thinking of the mountain mists, the vines that climb the cliffs and crags, and the sensation of freshly fallen leaves beneath her bare and carefree feet.\nShe thinks of Chenyu Vale — of her family amidst the mountains and rivers — and the rattan in her hands becomes supple and pliable to her will.\nShe dreams of weaving these beautiful things with her own two hands so that her memories can live forever in the objects she creates. Perhaps because her heart is filled with warmth and kindness, the objects that Lan Yan crafts exude a simple, gentle spirit.\nPerhaps that's also why the cats, dogs, birds, and squirrels of Chenyu Vale are never scared to approach her.\n"Even the adepti come to watch Lan Yan weave." Her grandfather had once proudly claimed.\nNo one could know for sure if the adepti had ever truly stopped in passing to watch Lan Yan perform her craft. Lan Yan herself believes that beings who would pour their power into protecting the waters and mountains of the vale, and all those who dwelt there, would surely have an appreciation for handicrafts so lovingly created and imbued with the spirit of their creator.\nSo when she discovered a Vision glinting softly at the bottom of her rattan basket, she was not surprised. She simply picked it up and continued on her way, gathering rattan vines.\n~~lan yan ends here~~\nLauma:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nWhen night falls, the Frostmoon Scions dwell within a "tower."\nAt the top of this tower is a seemingly unchanging full moon, and at its base is the soil of Hiisi Island. Its walls are made of white moonlight, allowing any to pass through.\nOh, how gentle the Moon Goddess is. Even if not all should believe in her, even if not all should know of her, she spreads her grace without reserve.\nThus spoke the old priestess of the Frostmoon Scions. As those words hung in the air, the sounds of lowered voices praying could be heard, but Lauma's was not among them.\nShe gazed at the full moon in silence, her eyes fixed upon it alone, like the most devout of believers.\nShe was undoubtedly in this tower as well, having grown up and lived here since birth in this spire built by the moon, its light, and the adherents of its deity.\nShe continued gazing at the full moon in the sky, thinking that perhaps there was truth in the saying, "humans could never build a tower to reach the heavens."\nCharacter Story 1:\n\n"She descended when late spring's first full moon hung in the sky, trees and flowers grew in response to her first cry."\n"Laugh now, dance now, as the newborn Moonchanter weeps—"\n"For her horns and blood are bathed in moonlight, for beneath the Moon Goddess's gaze shall she sleep."\n...Lauma closed the Frostmoon Scions' journal.\nShe always found herself unconsciously turning to the page that recorded her birth, trying to feel the joy of the faithful through the yellowed notes.\nJust as geniuses often emerge from among common stock, Lauma, an extraordinary being, was born to an ordinary Frostmoon Scion couple. According to records, "her eyes were like the moontide, her antlered crown grew under the moonlight, and her silver blood flowed like the moon's reflection in water" — a "miracle bestowed upon the faithful by the Moon Goddess."\nAt the fringe of the world, among the "Frostmoon Scions," who had seemingly become forgotten by time itself, Lauma became a beacon of hope, timely yet untimely. The overjoyed followers took her as proof that their Moon Goddess had not abandoned them, and she became a living symbol.\nFew are chosen at birth to succeed the title of Moonchanter, and as a Frostmoon Scion herself, Lauma should have rejoiced, regarding this responsibility as a supreme honor.\nJust as it was written in the next passage of the journal, yes, the very words Lauma had committed to memory:\n"...Sweetly shall she sleep beneath the Moon Goddess's gaze."\n"And when the moon slumbers and the sun rises, she shall speak for the supreme Frost Moon Goddess."\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nIf one was born early enough, lived long enough, and one's forbidden memories weren't erased by more transcendent beings, they would surely remember (and such beings do exist in Teyvat) that before the war of funerary flame, the Three Moon Goddesses, who served Nibelung, once coexisted harmoniously with the principles of Celestia for a time.\nOf course, if one were to inquire about this matter with Celestia, the high heavens might respond with ambiguity. The Three Moons were once satellites that guarded Teyvat, and the Moon Sisters were executors of the planet's will. Celestia's principles were once quite "tolerant," not necessarily requiring the exclusion of those divergent from itself.\nFor the Three Moon Goddesses, their sole duty was to maintain the planet's existence and operation. And so the moonlight continued to illuminate the lands of Teyvat. Alas, even they, who kept to themselves, could not remain uninvolved. Inevitably, conflicts between those in power would affect some of those who were subordinate to them.\nIf any survivors of bygone golden Hyperborea yet endured to the present day, they would surely have many tales to tell, but alas, the Frostmoon Scions do not understand their ancestors' grievances. They can now only pray to the bright moon in vain.\nIn this, Lauma was relatively fortunate, even amongst blind believers. She did not know anything of the above, but she could nonetheless sense keenly that the full moon in the sky was bright yet lifeless. Rather, the tides that truly moved her heart and caused her antler-crown to grow were somewhere farther away, beyond her reach.\nThis feeling had troubled her for a long time, and like how one might feel if made to pray to an apple painted on canvas, beseeching it to satisfy their hunger, she was ever restless.\nFortunately, this question was now answered at last. Although the sky had suddenly "become" fake, she had confirmed the authenticity of her senses.\nShe had never thought ignorance to be a good thing, even if the truth was more unsettling. Life could never be lived entirely as one wished — indeed, life itself was born of contradictions. But at least it need not be tainted by lies and concealment.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nLauma once set some "precepts" for herself. These might seem irrational to others, so for the longest time, she never mentioned them to anyone.\nShe believed that she must never lie. Silence, too, was an answer in the face of uncertainty, but one must never fabricate facts to fashion peace papered over. This was especially so for a Moonchanter, one whose every word the believers all too easily took for truth. Thus, lying was an unforgivable sin.\nBut was praying to a false moon in the sky a lie in itself? She could not be sure of that, and this again left her feeling restless.\nShe resolved that she must never give herself to wrath. The Maiden of the Grove was to be gentle and loving, just as the Frost Moon's goddess was. The lake's light beneath the moon was free of ripples — had the goddess's envoy any right to be angry? The tides of kuuvahki often disturbed her peace of mind, yes, but surely a leader worth their salt must learn to control their emotions.\nYet some emotions did not arise from the tidal motions. She was not given to shouting or crying out in rage, but was giving her foes a thrashing anger? She rubbed her fingers together somewhat nervously. With whom could she consult on this matter?\nShe told herself that she must not change. Over countless years of evolution, the Frostmoon Scions had drifted far from their golden era. Any fluctuation now could snap this precariously perched branch. This was especially so when the faithful viewed her, one born "special," as their hope. She had to maintain an image befitting a Moonchanter.\nYet she had already revealed the truth about the moon and the sky to everyone. This time, she needed no consultation to know that change had already begun.\nAt this point, all three precepts now seemed meaningless. Thus, Lauma finally let her guard down, and one night, she confided these unspeakable matters to her animal friends.\nAs she expected, the little animals warmly welcomed her, and as usual, they all chattered away about life — specifically, her life.\nTrue friends they proved indeed, first affirming her honesty and reliability, then praising her gentle and caring nature, and finally declaring that Lauma had always been this way, and had indeed remained unchanged. (Hearing this made her quite happy, but she then grew increasingly embarrassed... and came to wish she had two extra legs to run away immediately.)\nFinally, a little cat who would often play in Nasha Town concluded: "If I, Ashru, had to point out any problems... I've said it before, and I'll say it again. Your issue is that you're too stubborn!"\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nLauma once presided over an engagement ceremony.\nThis ceremony boasted three attendees — a young adventurer who sometimes helped out at The Flagship tavern, a young woman of the Frostmoon Scions who was planning to leave Nod-Krai with him, and the Moonchanter, who had mysteriously appeared in their tavern room.\nThere the three of them stood, staring at each other. For a time, no one spoke. The man pulled a handkerchief from his pocket with trembling hands, handing it to the nervous young woman to wipe the sweat from her brow.\nLauma turned out to be the most composed one in this circumstance.\nShe clearly understood what was happening, but a halting explanation still came spilling from the young woman's lips: "...I—I didn't mean to leave without saying goodbye. I left a note under my pillow for... W—Well, not that I have family here anyway, so it might never have been seen, but..."\nThe young man also hurried to add on assurances: "I'll take good care of her, and I'll bring her back often to visit her friends! I'm not some irresponsible lout — look, I've even proposed to her..."\nLauma looked at their clasped hands and the matching rings on their fingers with furrowed brows. The young woman started sweating again, seemingly ready to grab her fiancé and make a run for it, but Lauma stood at the doorway, her impressive height (horns included) barring the doorway as well as any steel-wrought portcullis.\nLauma thought for a while before finally speaking, just as the two of them had begun considering leaping out through the window: "Firstly, I know you two have been seeing each other for some time now. Secondly, I never said you could not leave. Thirdly, one must have a ceremony to go with an engagement. So please, wait here. I will get things ready."\n"...Huh?"\nWithin half an hour, she had gathered everything needed for just such an engagement ritual (including somehow obtaining Nocturnal Blossoms that should only bloom at three in the morning), and in the cramped guest room (with half-packed luggage still scattered all about), conducted a complete engagement ceremony that fully adhered to the Frostmoon Scions' customs (with Lauma playing all the relevant roles — master of ceremonies, bride's family member, and ecclesiast).\nWhen all was said and done, the young woman heaved a sigh of relief. "So you were concerned about the ritual, Lady Lauma... I must say, you're quite, ah, stubborn in the most... unexpected ways..."\n"Am I being stubborn?" Lauma tilted her head, somewhat confused. "This is something that must be done."\n"Ah, yes. And one more thing. Sir, please leave your name, family name, middle name, as well as your fixed address. I will need to send you our sacramental victuals."\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nLauma once presided over a funeral.\nThe deceased was quite the long-lived elder, having spent one hundred and two years in this harsh, cold land. Smiling with wrinkles gathered at the corners of her eyes, seemingly never changing — thus had Lauma always remembered her.\nIn the days following her accession to Moonchanter, Lauma had learned much knowledge from this elder. On the final night before the old dame's departure, she had quietly kept vigil at the woman's bedside.\nAccording to the teachings of the Frostmoon Scions, death is not the end, as life is in constant "flux." Friends and family simply return to nature when the time is right, and they shall surely reunite in the future.\nTo "fall asleep" in peace under the pure moonlight was considered the highest blessing the Moon Goddess could bestow. It should have been just such a night of serenity, the moonlight shining overhead as it had for years unnumbered, the birds and beasts holding silent reverence.\nUntil the elderly matron softly said: "Lady Moonchanter... the Moon Goddess doesn't really exist, does she?"\nThis was no question, in truth. From the elder's steady tone, she seemed to have already concluded this to be fact. For one hundred and two years, the Moon Goddess had never once answered her prayers.\nMany thoughts crossed Lauma's mind at once. She thought of the giant statue on the Light-Bathed Platform. She thought of that young woman who looked exactly like that statue... She wanted to say: No, ma'am, the Moon Goddess truly exists, just not in the way everyone had imagined.\nThe Moon Goddess appears to just be a "person" like you, and she has spent these one hundred and two years living through lonely, cold nights, just as you have.\n"It's alright. You need not answer." As Lauma hesitated, the elder gently shook her head. "Whether the Moon Goddess is unwilling to appear or simply doesn't exist, the passage of time remains unaffected."\n"We Frostmoon Scions can live just fine on our own, can't we?" The elder held Lauma's hand ever so gently, as though she was the one who needed comfort, "So unfurrow your brow and smile, Lady Moonchanter. You have done very well."\n"There's no need to grieve over anyone's absence... 'Death may bring forth anger, but anger too is in vain.'"\nLauma could not help but smile, even as she held the old woman's hand in turn.\nSo she waited, waiting for the painless and peaceful slumber to carry the elder back to the warm sea of life, where at its center, three full moons must surely be reflected.\nPaper Star:\n\nLauma learned how to fold paper stars from the young children of the Frostmoon Scions, who had learned it from outside Hiisi Island in turn.\nThe children were particularly enthusiastic about teaching something to the powerful Moonchanter. They took the initiative to cut out colorful strips of paper and even brought out some large glass jars.\n"The lady in town told us not to get greedy and make the stars too big, or they'll collapse inward super easy, 'cuz there's nothing in the middle," a little girl said with a grin. "Especially that lady with the metal arm. She flattens those stars without even trying!"\nLauma listened with exceptional attentiveness, working both quickly and well. She placed her own folded stars together with the children's in the same jar, and suddenly that dull glass container came alive with activity.\nGiven her current status and age, it might seem childish for her to be absorbed with such small arts and crafts. But then again, none had called her too mature when she read voluminously as a child, either.\nAnd so, she huddled peacefully with the children in the corner of the room, folding three whole jars' worth of paper stars.\nMoon Wheel:\n\nLauma was very thankful for the existence of Moon Wheels and was delighted to have one, but in truth, it troubled her quite a bit that she couldn't remember how she had obtained hers.\nGrandma Sarakka said that her Moon Wheel had fallen out of her swaddling clothes. Although her parents' memories were a bit hazy on the matter, being overwhelmed by the arrival of their newborn at the time, they confirmed this account.\nIf she were to tell others about her troubles, they would surely be confused. Wasn't having a Moon Wheel since birth a good thing? What was there to worry about, anyway?\nIt seemed that besides herself, no one found anything wrong with one appearing next to a baby. "A miracle happening to a Moonchanter... Isn't that just normal?"\nLauma found herself at a loss for words. How natural and human it was to want to know the origins of something, yet despite searching through the entire library's records, she could not find a satisfactory answer.\nShe never let go of this question, so much so that when she later met the Moon Maiden, she couldn't help but ask about this.\nKuutar's response was exceedingly simple: "Oh?"\n...Therefore, the closest explanation must still come from Hyperborea. The history of the golden realm was long indeed, and could even be traced back to the era when three moons rose in the skies. They learned to use the lunar tides to power their magics, but were in turn affected by those same ebbs and flows, and some of them thus had horned crowns akin to deer antlers grow from their heads.\nHowever, had Moon Wheels even existed in the world back then?\nLauma frowned in contemplation, and indeed must have accidentally started talking to herself, prompting a passing child to ask loudly: "Lady Lauma, did your horns grow so long because you have a Moon Wheel?"\nHer frown only deepened: "Well... I suppose... I'm sorry, I don't know."\nDisappointing children was something she wished never to do if she could help it, but surprisingly, the little one did not seem discouraged by not getting an answer to his question.\n"Oh!" He said, as if sudden realization had dawned. "Could you have gotten the Moon Wheel because you have the longest horns?"\nOh, how Lauma wanted to accept this answer from the bottom of her heart at that moment. How clever it was, this cycle of cause and effect that shuttled from front to back, then back to front, which seemed to explain (or rather, gloss over) so many questions.\nThen she immediately stopped herself from falling into the trap of lies.\nPerhaps this, then, was the purpose of the Moon Wheel — a symbol, to her, of vigilance, restraint, and responsibility.\nSo she held that puzzling Moon Wheel in her palm, silently reciting the three precepts in her heart once more.\n~~lauma ends here~~\nLayla:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nThe Rtawahist Darshan of the six Darshans under the Sumeru Akademiya is dedicated to the study of Illuminationism.\nEach of the Six Darshans focuses on a different field of study. Illuminationism, then, is centered around astrology and astronomy, learning of the cosmos that has clutched the world in its embrace since time immemorial.\nIt is among the researchers of Illuminationism that we find Layla.\nThough she has only recently enrolled, she has already earned a great many nicknames for herself.\nShe has been called the Sleepwalking Eccentric, the Human Calculator, and even the Heaven-Sent Thesis by those who know her.\nAs the days go by, her titles only seem to grow in number.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nThere are two kinds of people in the halls of Akademiya:\nThe first holds themselves with an air of calmness and mastery. Be it experimentation or dissertation, this type of person always makes whatever they're doing look easy.\nThe other kind of person wears their woes on their faces. Sighs spill from their lips as mournful notes while they clutch their tools, looking lost. Intermittently, they will jot something down before slashing it out, battling themselves all the way.\nLayla belongs to the latter category.\nBeing poor of health and bereft of sleep is not uncommon among researchers, but Layla takes it to a whole other level. The bags of exhaustion hanging beneath her eyes and weariness burned across her features make it impossible for her to hide the stress gnawing at her.\nShould someone approach her, they will often hear her whispering things like "I don't understand," or "why," and even whimpering "I'm doomed." These lamentations often earn her looks of sympathy.\nThe halls of Akademiya exist not just as the altar of knowledge to dedicated students but also as the source of their nightmares. Countless among their number have suffered failed experiments and watched their dissertations get torn apart. Rumor has it that, unable to bear the rigors and pressures of school, many students each year choose to depart before they graduate, quitting before their journey is complete.\nAt first glance, Layla might seem like she hangs on the edge of departing herself, but in actuality, she has already outlasted several classmates who enrolled in the same year as her.\nWhen seeking knowledge, talent is useful, but perseverance is essential.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nThe reasons behind Layla's poor physical health and insomnia can be traced back to a single factor: academic pressure.\nAll students of the Darshans are required to commit to their studies, complete their essays, and pass their examinations or dissertations. Though this task sounds simple, simple does not mean easy, and the investment demanded of students comes in the form of time and effort.\nUnfortunately for Layla, she is always slower at finishing her papers than her peers.\nShe often spends a great deal of time contemplating, and worrying about the validity of her theses. Is the content overly simplistic compared to that written by her classmates? Are her calculations truly accurate? And if so, are they as concise as they can be?\nShe feels that, as a student of a most prestigious Darshan, she cannot slack in her studies. But at the same time, she dares not commit to her writings in haste.\nSeized by hesitation, time often slips from between her fingers, and leaves her staring at the blank pages of her work without having written a word.\nBecause of this, she often finds herself working through the night, and leaving sleep for the day. Yet, with the breaking of dawn, she often finds herself assailed by new assignments, causing her to descend into a vicious spiral.\nAs such, her habits have afflicted her body with abnormal side effects.\nNow, she often rises at night, wandering. Upon waking, she often finds herself unable to remember what she had done or where she had gone — the rumored symptoms of the phenomenon known as "sleepwalking," described by her peers.\nFrom how her classmates have described her sleepwalking, it is as if she suddenly manifests with neither hint nor reason in a certain place. Mysteriously, none of them have been able to fully explain where she goes after or what she does either.\nBesides sleepwalking, she has also discovered another strange recurrence in her life.\nEach time she awakes from sleepwalking, she finds her unwritten papers from the day before fully completed, meticulous and accurate calculations included! Even the handwriting appears to be hers.\nStranger still, the author of her papers also has a habit of viciously critiquing the arguments and experimental methods of others.\nLayla simply could not fathom herself committing these acts, and found herself suspecting that someone was messing with her.\nHowever, upon recalling her experiences leading from her home to the halls of the Darshan, she could think of no one with proper motive.\nThe term "Heaven-Sent Thesis" is often used in Sumeru to describe an impossible miracle... and if what Layla had been experiencing did not count as a "Heaven-Sent Thesis," she didn't know what did.\nDid a miracle truly grace her? Did the stars themselves, moved by her dedication to the study, repay her with a blessing?\nRegardless, "The Stars' Blessing" has solved several of her woes. Now, the papers she needs to write for several classes can be handed in without additional worry on her end.\nAs for the other details, well, that is probably best left for when she had the energy to care. Presently, she has classes to prepare for.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nAfter pushing through her heavy backlog of assignments, even Layla will find time to decompress.\nIn her spare time, she enjoys heading to Port Ormos by boat to wander its streets. There, traveling merchants and vagabonds place their stalls and practice their trades, offering all manner of interesting trinkets and showcasing amazing skills, infusing the perpetually exhausted Layla with a sense of refreshment.\nShe has witnessed the folk of the desert testing themselves in thrilling challenges of agility as they score bull's-eyes through distantly placed apples with thrown daggers.\nShe met a strange individual who claimed to be capable of flight; using a mere carpet, they managed to levitate off the ground.\nYet, the one who left the deepest impression on her was a stall owner that invited passersby to participate in a game of luck. Upon his stall, he separated colorful pages worth varying rewards into wooden boxes. In a display of astonishing speed and agility, the owner would shift these boxes about and shuttle them from position to position. Afterward, he would ask those participating in his lottery to pick a box.\nDespite not managing to claim the grand prize during her first few attempts, after a few more tries, Layla began to notice a pattern.\nThough the stall owner possessed blinding hand speed, she realized that his left thumb barely moved during the shuffling process.\nHence, she realized the box nearest to his left them would experience the least amount of deviations to its position.\nAfter achieving such comprehension, Layla managed to repeatedly win the grand prize. When the curious stall owner discovered how Layla used her insight to peer beyond the mirage of his speed, he found himself overcome with admiration for the girl and offered her a generous bonus reward.\nFor Layla, the reward was a thing of secondary importance. The true pleasure she got was getting to behold the awesome skills that other people possessed.\nUnlike the conservatives in the Akademiya, she did not look down upon the arts and trades of those who worked in the streets. Instead, she was thankful to all the vendors of Port Ormos for the happy memories they granted her.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nAs her first year in the Akademiya came to an end, Layla listed down her strengths and weaknesses, planning to write a personal assessment for herself.\nShe possessed good observation and estimation skills, and was consistently capable of tracking the shifting position of the cosmos via the star charts at twice the speed of her peers.\nAdditionally, she considered her skill in mathematics to be acceptable. When faced with simple questions, she could calculate the answers in a blink of an eye without even needing to do the equations in written form.\nBefore ever entering the halls of Akademiya, Layla had a chance encounter with her future mentor. Her mentor had complimented her then, stating that she was a child blessed by the stars with the thirst and capacity to seek true knowledge.\nIt was these virtues that gave her the courage and hope to seek education and wisdom in the Akademiya.\nHowever, upon stepping foot into the Darshan, she found that her strengths were paltry when compared to her peers of a similar age.\nOnly the best of the best could make it into the Darshans, and as such, Layla couldn't help but feel a bit overshadowed.\nAs for shortcomings, Layla found them to be too many to count. For example, her habit of fixating on problems afflicted her with a great deal of indecisiveness.\nMoreover, her ability to socialize was also lacking. When involved in discussions, she often struck others as aloof and arrogant due to her reluctance in expressing her views, which led to her having few friends in the Darshan.\nWhat diminished her confidence even further was the fact that among the many papers she has submitted, few were actually written by her. Instead, they were byproducts of having "The Stars' Blessing."\nFrom Layla's perspective, she is an insignificant individual.\nWhat she does not know is that her teachers and peers have an entirely different perspective of her.\n"Hey, being mysterious and eccentric comes with being a genius."\n"How does she draw her star charts so fast while we're doing in-field surveys? Are her eyes kameras? Wait, she's done with the stellar orbits as well?"\n"I have reviewed her papers and calculations and found the work to be rigorous and thorough. Her logic is ironclad. And some of her ideas are so intricate that I, even as an educator, am surprised. We have a fantastic student on our hands."\nSome people will always tread forward through life weighed down by their caution. Viewing themselves as lacking, they will nevertheless strive on despite the misgivings they have toward themselves.\nPerhaps it is also this perpetual dissatisfaction that spurs them onward, allowing them to surpass their fellows without even noticing.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nThere was a girl who was determined, smart, and modest. Maybe even a little too modest.\nShe always felt that her meager gifts placed her leagues away from achieving true mastery.\nStill, she yearned for excellence, wanting to stand side by side with the greatest of minds, to make her teachers and family proud.\nContradictory desires chained her: She was unwilling to let go and unveil her true self, but also did not want to suffer the drudgery of a mundane life.\nWith the passage of time, she felt overwhelmed by a barrage of emotions. Shame. Listlessness. Yearning. All these things weighed upon her psyche and exacted their toll. Eventually, her soul found itself in need of a small outlet. Something to give her some breathing room.\nWhile her body and mind are awake and aware, she is too chained by woes to be free. So, it is when she slumbers that her deeper desires come alive to inhabit her vessel instead, indulging in bursts of short-lived freedom, gorging herself on all the expressions and indulgences that she denied herself while awake.\nWhile sleepwalking, she is beyond the claws of self-doubt and depression, allowing her to easily overcome things like writing papers, drawing star charts, and making Starlogs. Matters that usually mire her in indecision and worry become simple, allowing her to pour out her innermost insights and challenge highly complex questions.\nThis is the release of her long-held desires. But all dreams must come to an end. As her body wakes, she again returns to being the insecure, introverted girl that she was before. Indeed, after awakening, she can't even fathom that the wittily written papers and intricately calculated equations were created by her own hands.\nAs she is determined and modest while conscious, so too is she sharp and smart while sleepwalking. Both sides belong to the same girl.\nLike a sapling in growth, she is torn between self-doubt and the desire to break free. This imbalance was how her sleepwalking manifested in the first place. Yet, no matter which side of her is in control at the moment, the part that is Layla always remains.\nLayla's Photo Book:\n\nBesides the hills of notes, star charts, and journals, Layla's desk also has a thick book filled to the brim with photos.\nNo matter what else occupies the space on her desk, her photo book will always take the most visible spot.\nThe photos that fill the pages of this book were personally taken by Layla. It contains pictures of her home and parents, her friends, and even the mentor who inspired her to get into the Akademiya in the first place.\nEach photo is a snapshot of significance to Layla. She uses these photos in place of a journal, detailing her experiences and trials that led her from her home to the Akademiya.\nEach time she goes through her collage of photos, she finds herself still able to remember the burning determination from her past and uses it to pierce through encroaching bouts of doubt.\nRecently, Layla added a new picture she had taken with a certain gold-haired Traveler. As the pictures accumulate one after another, who knows how thick the book might get by the time she finally graduates?\nVision:\n\nLayla, being a person of easy temperament, rarely gets into arguments with others. One time, however, she broke the norm and found herself engaged in a heated debate.\nDuring a discussion for a class on Theoretical Astrology, an esteemed Herbad skimmed over Layla and her classmates' papers, and then began to harshly criticize some of Layla's arguments.\nIn the opinion of the Herbad, Theoretical Astrology is a sacred field of study with laws and theories that have been long crystallized by the expertise of countless researchers across the ages and cemented irrefutably by generations of testing and calculations. For Layla to question and even dare to correct some of these pre-accepted notions was tantamount to blasphemy.\nLayla did not respond to the criticism in the heat of the moment, however. Instead, she listed her detailed arguments in a report after the seminar and submitted it to the Herbad.\nNot long after, the Herbad attached his refutation to Layla's report and returned it to her.\nBy this point, most students would choose to accept the status quo. In one respect, failing to get a passing score for their seminar report will result in major negative effects on their finals.\nFurthermore, it was most presumptuous for a student to argue matters of academic validity with a Herbad, for any Herbad was far more refined than a mere student, whether it be in terms of knowledge and seniority, after all.\nPerhaps the arguments Layla made questioning long-accepted doctrine were simply results of a miscalculation on her part, and she might have been humiliated in the end on account of being mistaken.\nEven so, she did not give up. She continued her discourse with the Herbad using her reports. Then, with the passing of half a year, the Herbad went to find Layla once more. He admitted then that after consulting more researchers, he had discovered a point of non-acceptability in the long-accepted doctrines that had been left unexamined by the broader community.\nAs he concluded his explanations, he told Layla with pride and emotion that the students who dared challenge him for the sake of knowledge have grown fewer by the year.\nThe inception of education, for student or Herbad alike, is to seek knowledge in its purest form. Layla, in her persistence, had reminded him, at length, of this pursuit of enlightenment.\nAfter the conclusion of the seminars, as Layla was going through the bag that held the documents she had accrued during her exchanges with the Herbad, she spontaneously discovered a gleaming Vision in the bag's depths.\nIt lay there upon a thick stack of notes, like a fallen star pressed into the pages.\n~~layla ends here~~\nLisa:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nThe librarian of the Knights of Favonius. In addition to her elegance and charm, Lisa is also highly educated.\nShe is said to have been the most talented sorceress to study at the Sumeru Akademiya in the last two centuries.\nIt is known that Lisa chose to return to Mondstadt after two years of advanced study in Sumeru, but the reason for her decision is not. At present, Lisa's job is to oversee the book collection in the library owned by the Knights.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nLisa is tasked with managing and maintaining the vast collection of books in the Knights of Favonius library, as well as ensuring that their potions are always fully stocked.\nThe only time that the citizens of Mondstadt see Lisa is when lending or returning library books.\nIn both scenarios, they tend to encounter Lisa sitting at the counter like a languid cat, yawning as she signs books in and out.\nAt times, her behavior causes people to doubt whether she is really up to the task of being librarian for the illustrious Knights of Favonius.\nNevertheless, it appears that she performs every task flawlessly, as her work consistently stands up to scrutiny.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nThe fact that Cyrus of the Sumeru Akademiya frequently refers to Lisa as their "best student in two hundred years" is all that needs to be said about Lisa's accomplishments in her studies.\nFrom outlandish forbidden knowledge, to the handling of elementally infused flora, to the most efficient methods of distilling wine... where there is a body of knowledge, the chances are that Lisa is acquainted with it.\nThis, paired with her ability to explain things clearly and concisely, makes Lisa the sensible person to approach for young knights and alchemists with burning questions.\nThat is, provided they go and see her at an acceptable hour.\nTo visit during unacceptable hours — such as in the morning while Lisa is sleeping in, or in the afternoon while she's enjoying her tea — can spell disaster for unsuspecting visitors.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nWhen people meet Lisa for the first time, they often find themselves overawed by the famous alumna of the Sumeru Akademiya.\nHowever, though her attitude to life may appear at first to be one of ruthless efficiency, it is in fact better understood as a product of her incorrigibly lazy nature, which drives her to avoid troublesome issues at all costs.\nBy negotiating with Kaeya, she offloaded the job of restocking and dispensing medication to Huffman and Swan, and had Flora start sending Donna over to deliver herbs on a daily basis.\nThe only tasks that Lisa handles personally are the categorization and management of books and other documents.\nThis is the one area where Lisa feels more comfortable handling the work herself rather than delegating it.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nWhen Lisa first joined the Knights of Favonius, the Grand Master sought to appoint her as Captain of the 8th Company.\nThis was much to the consternation of the company's Field Officer, Nymph, who resented the idea of an academic coming in at such a high-ranking position.\nAt Kaeya's suggestion, a practice combat session was arranged in which Lisa and Nymph would both display their magical proficiency.\nTwo minutes into the session, Lisa graciously declined the captaincy on the grounds that "Nymph manifestly possesses the requisite ability to fulfill the role."\nFor the whole year following, the Grand Master received a constant stream of referral letters from Nymph in relation to the captaincy, and the only person ever named in them was Lisa Minci.\nEventually, the Grand Master began turning over the referral letters to Lisa directly, but every time, Lisa would come up with an excuse to decline the offer.\nUndoubtedly, the 8th Company would have been far stronger under her lead, but she deemed that such a level of power was not only superfluous to requirements, it would also be risky for her in a way that most people could never appreciate.\nTo be clear, Lisa is quite confident that she could handle any situation she came up against. However, additional danger means an additional workload — and that is something that she would never be able to accept.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nHaving personally witnessed raving-mad scholars in the forests of Sumeru and powerful sages sitting underutilized on advisory councils, Lisa realized what uninhibited erudition can really do to a person.\nIt seemed such a high price to pay... How much did one have to sacrifice to attain the profoundest knowledge of all?\nPut off by this realization, Lisa decided to leave Sumeru.\nSince then, Lisa has always stopped short of taking things too seriously.\n"Before demanding too many miracles from the gods, first consider if you are willing to pay the price they ask."\nThese words she has spoken to just three people since arriving in Mondstadt. In each case, it was because she knew it was what they needed to hear.\nSpecial Heating Cauldron:\n\nThe Special Heating Cauldron is a purpose-built cauldron made to a design that no one in Mondstadt could understand. It features time-delay heating, semi-automated ingredient insertion, and temperature regulation functions.\nLisa spent an enormous budget and commandeered the alchemy workshop for two full weeks in order to build this extraordinary piece of equipment.\nShe boasts that the cauldron is capable of completing any precision heating task to perfection with a maximum of just two pulls of a lever.\nBut her most common application for it is to brew tea and keep it at the optimal temperature while she is managing her books.\nAfter all, a relaxing afternoon tea session is by far the most important part of Lisa's day.\nVision:\n\nA Vision is a sign from the gods: a sign that you are one of those whom they have chosen to change the world.\nOr, maybe it's just one of the many hoops that one has to jump through on the path to unearthing the secrets of magecraft.\nAfter all, understanding the elements is essential to the study of magic, and practical experience is a far more useful means of acquiring this understanding than trying to assimilate the knowledge contained in dusty old books.\n"Hmm... I suppose I shall need a Vision, then."\nAnd just like that, as that thought popped into her mind, her Vision popped into her hand.\nWith the aid of her Vision, Lisa acquired the knowledge that she sought. But she also sensed the deep secret hidden in the shadows of that knowledge.\nFor whatever reason, the gods gave humans the key to changing everything, but they did not explain the cost involved. Lisa grew fearful of the truth.\nThe Vision that hung from her neck became to her a bottomless pit filled with sweet delights, lingering at the back of her mind.\nSo, from time to time, when somebody whom she finds interesting comes along, Lisa will pass onto them her understanding on all kinds of matters.\nPerhaps she is secretly hoping that by doing so, one day someone will come along who has the ability to understand the ultimate truth behind Visions.\n~~lisa ends here~~\nLynette:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nWhen asked who the most famous magician in the Court of Fontaine is, audiences will almost certainly think of the stylish, vibrant Lyney and his stage presence.\nBut if you were to ask after its most renowned magic assistant, people would scratch their hands and be at quite a loss to answer.\nThe adulation is not for her, after all, nor is the resounding applause directed at her skill and presence. As an assistant, she needs only misdirect the audience at opportune moments, ensuring the spotlight stays on the protagonist.\nWhether on or offstage, Lynette habitually hides behind Lyney, in shadows that neither lights nor compliments can penetrate.\nFor an assistant, keeping a low profile is a professional matter.\nAnd as for a child of the "House"... being cloaked in shadow is how one survives.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nLynette often uses phrases like "standby" and "power-saving" to avoid unwanted trouble.\nNow, if one were to use a term like "idling" to avoid work, one has an 80-90% chance of getting "doesn't that mean you're free, then!?" as a reply, followed by renewed haranguing.\nBut, say, if you were to very seriously proclaim yourself to be in "standby mode" to "save energy," and combine that with a statue-like expression like Lynette's, you can stupefy the other party for a while.\nIt is through such momentary gaps that Lynette will calmly slip away, all the while wearing a most serious expression.\nThis method, of course, does not work on friends, but those who know Lynette well are more than aware of her dislike of work, and still more clear with regards to the... consequences of making her do errands.\nThough she might spout machine-related lingo often, that is about as far as Lynette understands machines.\nThere is a saying in her home: No matter what you do, do not leave her unattended in a room with the dishwasher, the vacuum cleaner... or any machine, really.\nFailing this, by the time a third party (usually Freminet) arrives on the scene, the machine will have suffered one of two fates:\nOne, it will have broken down, somehow — the dishwasher will foam at the mouth, the vacuum cleaner will suffer convulsions, all while Lynette stands amidst the disaster zone with an innocent expression.\nTwo, the machines are mercifully spared, but there has been no progress with the task, with Lynette cat-napping in a corner somewhere.\nConsidering that the result of any one incident is unpredictable, and neither result is desirable, Lynette has, to her relief, been relieved of all housework.\nIt is strange, however, that she is able to wreck even the simplest machines due to mishandling...\nYet, when onstage operating magical props, Lynette is even more focused than her brother, never having made a single mistake over the years.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nFrom a certain point of view, a "magician's assistant" is a contradictory sort of work.\nThe cheers and applause are for the magician, the protagonist, and similarly, the flowers and fame are not directed at the protagonist's sidekick.\nYet a brilliant performance cannot exist without an assistant's cooperation.\nAs the one closest to the magician onstage, the assistant knows all the magician's secrets, and in dangerous performances, the assistant's every move means life or death for the magician.\nOnstage, the magician and assistant are like a double-sided mirror. One tends toward the light, absorbing the audience's attention. The other faces the darkness, pulling levers and strings in the rear to complete the trick — each side turns the other in endless permutations.\nIf they are to operate in harmony, the assistant's skills cannot be far behind those of the magician themselves.\nBut with such skill, how could one long be content to live in another's shadow? Thus do many assistants, once their skills are fully developed, strike out on their own — they will not forever remain the pupil.\nWhen Lyney became famous, many notables took notice of Lynette's potential, believing that she could achieve greater stardom still should she become an independent act. Some even asked her to take up the role of a leading actress in their films.\nCat ears on young lady, who was also a magician... Even with those gimmicks alone, there was a fortune to be made!\nAlas, these passionate entreaties fell on deaf ears, and not only would Lynette reject them... She could not even be bothered to come up with reasons for doing so, instead leaving the task of coming up with them to Lyney instead.\nThis was quite the conundrum indeed, for many of those making requests were distinguished members of society. "Father" had left clear instructions — they were not to be treated with contempt.\nAnd if his authorship were to be discovered, any further meetings with them might turn awkward.\nSo Lyney had no choice but to write letter after letter of refusal in Lynette's manner of speech, filling each to the margins with polite and earnest words.\nEven one as silver-tongued as Lyney found it exceeding difficult to mimic her laconic manner of speech.\nExhausted in hand and spirit, glancing at his sister lounging on the sofa, Lyney could not help but think — why not try it for real? He could play the assistant, no problem.\n"...Don't even think about it." Even that flicker of thought could not escape Lynette. She stretched, before flipping over to face him. "I like being your assistant."\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nBrewing tea is one of Lynette's few hobbies.\nWatching the steam swirl above the tea cup, getting a whiff of its elegant flavor, and the day's troubles all but melt away.\nWhenever a guest comes to visit, Lyney is usually the one who receives them, while Lynette waits with tea in the back. When words are had over tea at home, she is also usually the one who makes it while others do the talking.\nAs others discuss all manner of things or engage in light and idle talk, Lynette can be found sitting at the side, holding her cup in two hands, blowing on it to cool it before drinking in small sips.\nHer tongue is naturally sensitive, and she cannot drink tea that is too hot.\nBut to use merely warm water to make tea would be an abominable waste, and to add ice to tea, or pour the tea between two cups to cool it down... Lynette would consider such actions blasphemy.\nIce dilutes the thickness of the drink, and the pouring will affect its layered flavor... Only by blowing on it, puff by small puff of air at a time, may one achieve the ideal temperature, so as to neither scald nor be shorn of flavor.\nAnd once this ideal temperature has been achieved, one should not also drink it all immediately.\nSome teas have greater flavor as you near the bottom of the cup, and a wait of several minutes should be imposed after one mouthful before one may continue on and savor the next sip. That is why she always takes her time when drinking tea.\nBy the time the teapot is empty, the conversation is usually also just about over.\nAnd as for the teaware on the table... That might be best left to someone else, lest she wreck the dishwasher again.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nThere was once an official in Fontaine who wanted to investigate the cash flow of the Hotel Bouffes d'ete in the previous few months.\nHowever, no sooner had he finished drawing up a draft than his superior hastily called the whole business to a halt.\nThis poor official could never have imagined how this was due to a letter his superior had received, complete with an attached set of photos featuring a tryst the latter had enjoyed with a famous socialite.\nThis superior, too, could never have imagined that this secret had been exposed thanks to his whipping out a handkerchief that did not belong to his wife during a magic show.\nAt that time, he had been all too absorbed in the exciting goings-on onstage, thus failing to notice the gaze directed his way from the shadows.\nThis momentary distraction allowed Lynette to "steal" intel from him, all but picking him clean.\nPeople will unconsciously reveal themselves through their outfits, eyes, movements, and even the slight pauses and shifts in their tone...\nWhile most will be unable to get much out of such signs, buried as they are under many confusing details, Lynette is able to use her uncanny powers of observation to catch all such critical details.\nAnd after she connects all these seemingly trivial details, she can tease out intel useful to the Hotel.\nThese "eyes" of the Hotel, one in the light and the other in darkness, have stolen all manner of secrets from the famous in Fontaine. Nor have any of these people noticed the theft — to them, it may as well have been magic.\nAnd because she must maintain this razor focus while working, Lynette speaks little to conserve her energy and not divide her attention.\nEven in her daily life, or when she is at rest, she habitually filters out all kinds of useless information...\nThat said, what information counts as useful and what counts as useless is completely up to her.\nFor example, what about machine operating and housework-related skills? Why, if one never does them, one can safely and confidently tuck them away in the back of one's mind.\nAnd when caught up in teatime gossip, one merely needs to occasionally append the conversation with "I see," "Is that so," and "And then..." to ensure a smooth-running chat.\nEconomy of energy — just the way she prefers it.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nPeople often believe that Lynette's cat ears are a part of her performance attire, as the same blood flows in her and Lyney's veins, yet he appears no different from ordinary people.\nHowever, Lynette's ears and tail do, in fact, grow on her body — they are real as real can be.\nIt is said that these cat-like features are inherited, but that even as such a bloodline grows thin across generations, instances of "atavism" can still occur from time to time.\nWhen she was young, Lynette did not love this particular gift from her ancestors.\nThere would always be some curious kid who would, whether intentionally or inadvertently, point at them and ask her: Why are you different from everyone else? Are you and Lyney not real siblings?\nThe introverted Lynette did not know how to reply, nor could Lyney always be with her. Whenever such things would happen, she could only push her ears down, curl her tail up, and squat in a corner, by herself and beside herself with misery.\nOnly alley cats would come to comfort her, coiling around and rubbing against her ankles.\nShe could not let her brother see her like this, she knew. He already had a great many things to worry about — he did not need this kind of trivial matter on his mind as well.\nBut she could not simply pretend that nothing was wrong — to deceive the genius magician, she had to fool herself first.\nSo she hugged the cat tightly to herself, softly brushing the fur on its back. As she felt its light breath, calm slowly returned to her heart.\nBy the time the cat leapt from her arms, her face had regained its usual placid appearance.\nAmong Fontaine's nobility, there are also some novelty-seeking degenerates. During one party, a certain "important person" found themselves taken with Lynette's unusual appearance.\nOver her protests, despite her struggling, the siblings' foster father stuffed her into that person's carriage without a second thought, almost as if giving away a sofa-scratching cat.\nWhy her? Why was she born with these ears?\nIn her suffocating solitude, Lynette once again covered her ears in pain, unable to hold back the bitterness repressed over long years.\n"Stop hiding. Cowering will get you nowhere." That voice shone through the darkness with the moonlight. "Come out. The one who wished to harm you is dead."\nThat voice was cruel ice, and yet it had a spellbinding, comforting power also. Lynette lifted her eyes, and there she saw the person she would in later days call "Father."\n"You have good ears. Learn to use them."\n"Father" kneaded Lynette's ears. That touch was not gentle. Indeed, they were as cold as the moon's light.\nAnd like that light, it illuminated a corner of the darkness.\n...\n"When a cat's ears are folded backward, that often indicates fear or vigilance, and if they stand up and point forward, that usually indicates a good mood..."\nWhenever Lyney tells new members of Hotel Bouffes d'ete about the habits of ordinary cats, he will often steal a glance at his younger sister nearby.\nLynette's ears are straight, they face the front, and they occasionally flutter outward.\nIt has been a long time since she last folded them back.\nNon-Automated Feeding Machine:\n\nThis is a made-to-order automated feeding machine that Freminet helped construct, intended to deal with the ever-increasing number of small animals at home.\nAfter a certain performance ended, Lynette discovered an abandoned box at the theater's back door.\nAs she opened it, a few kittens, barely a month old, raised their heads in alarm. Yet they had not the strength to flee, and thus could only stare into her eyes anxiously.\nLynette said nothing, nor did she reach out to further startle them. Instead, she simply looked back at them in silence.\nSlowly they seemed to come to the understanding that she meant them no harm, and eventually dipped their straining necks.\nOnly then did Lynette pick the box of cats up, and they laid down in silence, allowing this young lady to take them back to their new "home."\nThere was some small debate amongst family members as to whether the animals should be taken in, but the usually reticent Lynette put her foot down, insisting that they stay.\nThe argument somehow managed to reach the ears of none other than "Father," and she had the final word — which was that her children should cease the silly squabbling.\n"Those who wish to raise them, do so yourselves — but do it well. Don't make trouble for others."\nAfter a short silence, she then added, "And if you have not taught them how to follow the rules by the end of winter, get rid of them yourselves."\nThat statement put paid to the rest of the argument. As for the task of teaching the cats, it fell to Lynette.\nConsidering that Lynette was usually averse to busywork, Freminet had the automated feeding machine custom made.\nThe machine came with an internal clock and a weighing machine that could allow it to feed the kittens various foods at precise times and in fixed amounts.\nThis machine, in turn, became one of the few machines to survive Lynette's tender mercies, never breaking down across many years of service. Indeed, its inner components have remained spanking new, with only the plate beneath the food outlet showing much sign of use.\nAnd this... is because Lynette has never used it properly.\nThe sort of food to add into each box, how to input feeding times and amounts... Rather than memorize that, she found it more convenient to personally prepare the cat food in a plate.\nMoreover, if she had to leave even feeding to a machine...\nLynette squatted next to the Non-Automated Feeding Machine, stroking the satisfied cats' fur in silent thought.\n...How would she be able to teach these children?\nVision:\n\nWhen Lynette was young, she often heard stories about Visions from Lyney.\nThe protagonists of these tales seemed omnipotent, capable of summoning storms with a flick of a finger, dispelling dark haze with a puff of air.\nThose were not meticulously prepared magic tricks, no — this was the realm of true miracles.\nIf only we had Visions too, Lynette often though.\nThen they could turn magic tricks into real magic. They could pull food to fill their stomachs from hats, and fire to keep themselves warm. Lyney wouldn't have to constantly busy himself keeping them both alive.\nBut the gods never answered her prayers. In later days, she and Lyney would wander on, and after several twists and turns on the city streets and in noble mansions, they found a place to plant their feet under the aegis of their "Father."\nBoth of them knew how hard this chance was to come by, and so they endured the harsh training and supported each other through countless missions.\nReality had eroded their childish innocence all too early, and the dream of possessing a Vision, too, had fallen by the wayside of the past.\nDuring a certain mission, they were dispatched to perform at a noble's mountain villa in order to steal incriminating evidence that their target had hidden in a study.\nThe mission itself was ordinary, and it went quite well. During their performance, the two would tamper with a window in the villa. Once it was over, they would be able to re-enter stealthily and make off with the evidence without a trace.\nBut just as they had succeeded, three flares went up in the forest outside the window — a message from their "family members" keeping watch.\nThree flares meant the worst-case scenario: that the Maison Gardiennage was also targeting this person, and indeed had already dispatched forces to the scene.\nIf they retreated the way they came, they had a high chance of encountering Maison personnel, and if they were exposed as having conducted their mission in their guise as magicians, not only would they be doomed, but their "family members" would be implicated as well.\nThe voices outside the study were growing louder — if they wished to escape as quickly and stealthily as possible, they would have to take a risk.\nThe villa retreat was built against the mountain, and out the window was a cliff, beneath which was a swift river.\nLynette exchanged a glance with her brother, and without a word, they grasped each others' hands tightly, and leapt out the window.\nThe rippling waves below slammed into Lyney with a terrible crash.\nHe had attempted to absorb the impact with his shoulder just as they impacted, protecting his sister once again, but the impact with the water swallowed his consciousness.\nDesperate, Lynette grabbed onto a floating piece of wood, and by sheer dint of will managed to drag her unconscious brother to shore, coughing up water as she struggled on.\nFighting the searing pain in her lungs, she checked his condition in a panic. He was deathly pale, his eyes squeezed shut — there was none of his usual vitality to be seen.\nShe hugged him tightly to prevent his temperature from dropping further, even as she surveyed her surroundings. The forest was dark, and in that lightless night the twisted trees seemed ever more malevolent.\nShe called his name softly, hoping that he might stand up again with a grin, just as he had in their prior performances. But this time, the only reply she received was his fragile and weak breathing.\nThe loneliness and fear of that fateful night so many years ago seized her heart once again.\nIt had been so long, and they'd been through so much — she'd grown from that, or so she thought.\nWhy, then, were things just like before? Could she do nothing but wait for someone to defend her? As she trembled in the darkness?\nNo. No. It should have been different. They had made so many miracles by their own hand, conquered so many obstacles.\n...She had wished to stand behind him, supporting him, back to back, shoulder to shoulder.\nThe Maison personnel could be patrolling nearby. She dared not call out to their "family members," nor could they stay here.\nThe only thing she could do now was grasp Lyney's hand tightly, and haul him onto her shoulders.\nIf she could not see the way forward, then she would hear it.\nExtending her ears as high as she could, she listened out for even the slightest wisp of wind.\nAnd the wind sang through the branches and through the bushes, and brushed against her face... and they gradually painted for her a blurry scene.\nLynette groped forward in the dark, the thorns along the path piercing her skin and staining her clothes red.\nSlowly, the sight before her eyes became clearer. Perhaps her ears had grown used to the wind, or her eyes, accustomed to the darkness, but her steps grew more agile, more resolute.\nIn this stage without spotlights, in this performance without plaudits, Lynette had at last become the star.\nAs the rays of dawn darted into the woods, Lynette carried her brother back to the rendezvous point of their "family," only to encounter someone unexpected — their "Father" had personally made the trip down last night.\nUsing the last of her strength, Lynette retrieved the sodden evidence from her bosom, but before she could hand it over, her legs gave out, taking Lyney down with her in the fall.\n"Father" grabbed them both, allowing the incriminating information to fall to the earth and be soiled.\n"Sleep now. You've retrieved... a far more valuable prize."\nA Vision, reflecting both the dawn sun and the twins' sleeping faces, hung at Lynette's waist, glowing silently.\n~~lynette ends here~~\nLyney:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nThe people of Fontaine love their tales of mystery. The intricate case setups and unexpected twists and turns are captivating for all.\nMagic recreates this experience under the converging spotlights. For the price of a ticket and some of your free time, you can embark on a wondrous journey amidst thunderous applause and astounded cries.\nIf you were to ask around as to which of Fontaine's "guides" is best at setting up such fantastical tours, most fans will tell you that it is Lyney.\nSuave, romantic, and talented, he performs miracle after miracle with a casual air.\nIn this industry, one needs only a stable of staple tricks to ensure a renowned reputation and comfortable life.\nHowever, Lyney's shows always feature some new trick. Some say that he was born into poverty, and the resultant burning hunger for fame and fortune drives his boundless desire to create.\nIn truth, he simply pursues novelty in his capacity as a performer — indeed, he feels that if he cannot put his whole heart into the show, his deep desire to perform cannot be fully satiated.\nThis is why, despite the applause rising to a fever pitch and beyond, he will rarely satisfy the crowd's calls for a reprise of his most well-known tricks. Some devoted fans consider this to be a bit of a shame...\n...And for them, such regret will only continue to increase each time they purchase a ticket and go in to watch his show.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nWhile Lyney first began his journey in magic to fill his stomach, he has continued to perfect his art even after becoming a person of some renown in Fontaine.\nMagic, after all, has been his benefactor. Not only has it allowed him and his sister to survive, but it has also allowed them to gain the "acknowledgment" that most children, growing up in a loving home, would have received from their parents.\nEven from an early age, performance was something closely tied to Lyney's life. Each time he would go on stage, Lyney would have the audience whooping and clapping. And yet, he did not lose himself in their adulation — if anything, it often troubled him.\nIf audiences were simply drawn to the spectacle of magic, then who was to say that they wouldn't abandon Lyney's stage as soon as they caught wind of a more enthralling show in town?\nIn other words, just as an audience would be attracted by petals and cards, they would also be pulled away by grander fireworks and crackling gun salutes. What else did magicians have up their sleeves to capture the hearts of their audience, beyond enticing them with ever more grandiose impressions of shock and awe?\nIn all of Lyney's performances afterward, audiences would begin to notice a change — Lyney would add many segments between performances in which he would interact with them.\nIndeed, this magician seemed without any airs, sharing various fascinating anecdotes about his life, not even minding if the audience should try to guess at the secret behind his tricks.\nOf course, the sharper wits amongst them would notice that Lyney's tales were not truth, but instead a way to build up the atmosphere, a bedding laid for a greater magic trick to land upon.\nYet no one would quibble about these white lies. After all, truth and falsehoods were already inextricable in many parts of the performance — why, even the magician himself could be said to have become a part of the magic.\nThus does Lyney sometimes appear near and dear, and other times just out of the reach of his audience, balancing human affinity and magical mystery perfectly in the palm of his hand, his smile leaving the audiences' imaginations free to run wild.\nNo matter how rich or poor, sad or glad the audience member, imagination is the great equalizer, carrying the charm of magic to all.\nThus did the mystery and elegance of this magician spread far and wide, with people even opining that his skill at creating an atmosphere is itself as exquisite as magic.\n"Is that so? Well, I'm just trying to invite everyone to take a brief break from reality, that's all."\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nLyney's new home was the Hotel Bouffes d'ete, located in a corner of the Court of Fontaine.\nThe place was home to many orphans who shared similar experiences with him and his sister. The people here helped each other like a family would, greeting the fallout and consequences of those tragic years together.\nBut the siblings, even with a recommendation from the manager of the Hotel, did not find it all that easy to fit in, nor was it easy for the children there to immediately accept these new "outsiders."\nAnd in this environment, oppressive in its gloom, the water pumping equipment broke while Lynette was using it, right before everyone's eyes, deepening the distrust to the extreme.\nLyney could only step up and take responsibility, agreeing to fix the equipment so as not to affect everyone's daily lives.\nIn truth, he did not know all that much about repair work, but given Lynette's propensity for damaging various small devices, he had long gotten used to following his intuition to do some fixes here and there.\nUnfortunately, he underestimated the complexity of the pumping equipment and difficulty of fixing it. While he succeeded in restoring it to normal operations, he remained at a complete loss as to whether he had solved the root problem or not, he could not tell.\nBut just as he was at his wit's end, a seemingly reticent young fellow stepped forth, examined, and restored the facilities, even expressing his apologies.\nAs it turned out, he was the one in charge of maintenance at the Hotel, and as he saw it, Lynette had been the unfortunate victim of his failure to detect and replace the aging components in the system in a timely manner.\nLyney, for his part, was far more impressed by the young fellow's skills than any talk of responsibility. He wanted to learn from the youth — if nothing else, this would make helping Lynette all the easier.\nThe youth was, for his part, no good at refusing, and thus did Lyney become his assistant in the Hotel's small workroom — and over time, he and this Freminet would become friends.\nLyney would prove unselfish in spending time on other Hotel residents, whether it be Freminet or others, but he would keep them company in comforting silence rather than ask them about their experiences.\nIn this he was guided by Lynette's succinct life advice: "No one needs self-satisfied concern."\nIn time, the residents became more willing to share some of their pasts with him, and Lyney would thus become better able to help them with their issues.\nFreminet was somewhat perplexed by this, believing that Lyney, who was slowly becoming the core around which the Hotel spun, did not need to go this far.\nLyney joked that he had helped Freminet when they first met because he knew that his sister would cause further machine-related troubles down the line, and he was uncomfortable with that.\nBut at this point, there was no fooling Freminet with such words. Under his attentive gaze, Lyney could only tell him the truth.\n"Because Lynette's my one and only family, I've learned from her how one should treat all members of their family."\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nOn the Hotel Bouffes d'ete's Founding Day, all the children were abustle, draping festive colors all over the place.\nTo the residents, outside festivals and events were cold and emotionless things, foreign elements in their lives, and only this dwelling could bring them true warmth.\nEveryone worked in concert to execute Lyney's plan. Lynette had purchased large amounts of festive ornaments, and together with the other children, she strung up colored streamers and hung handwritten festive greetings.\nFreminet was ensuring that the magical props would operate properly — Lyney had faith in his craftsmanship, so much so that Freminet was completely entrusted with all the magic props this time.\nLyney himself was the busiest of all — not only did he have to ascertain everyone's progress, but he was also laying the final groundwork for a grand, unique magic trick in secret.\nAnd thus was the banquet successfully held with everyone's support. The children danced to the joyous music playing from the grand hall's phonograph and enjoyed delicious food — this was the birthday of no one in particular, but this was the day they all felt they had gained new lives.\nThe finale, of course, was Lyney, Lynette, and Freminet's Founding Day magic show. The magic box was at the center of the room, and all waited with bated breath.\nTo preserve the secret behind the magic trick, even Lynette and Freminet knew not what was within. But as the room darkened and all eyes turned to Lyney, standing as he was in front of the box, even the highly-experienced magician showed some rare signs of trepidation.\n"Now, you might consider the following words an exaggeration, but the "present" I am about to present to you all is, without doubt, the most important one we have received in our lives."\nThe paper firecrackers burst, and the once-empty box suddenly opened by itself. The crowd cheered, amazed — then fell suddenly into stunned silence.\nWhat stood onstage was no present — nay, this was the Hotel's manager, its owner, and their "Father."\nHer image was one of unsmiling dignity, and thus, though she did not come by often, no one dared to horse around whenever she was around.\nSurely, Lyney had gone completely mad to have her make her appearance in such a frivolous way.\nYet, upon seeing the crowd's reaction, "Father" did not snap at anyone, opining merely that Lyney had kept this secret perfectly, just as a magic show should, declaring it worthy of praise.\nThat night, the children and their "Father" delighted in the various desserts together, and she personally sliced a serving of cake for each of them, which she herself enjoyed some of as well.\nPerhaps the most amazing aspect of Lyney's Founding Day magic show was its ability to have even "Father" lay down her heavy burden and enjoy a brief moment of familial love.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nMagic and secrets piled up at Lyney's feet, growing ever taller like a tower. Gazing down from the top at the people as they passed by in the world below, Lyney knew there was no going back.\nBoth the dazzling sleights of hand and the missions he would come to receive from Hotel Bouffes d'ete had made a habitual liar out of him.\nAnd while lies could sometimes be useful for seizing an advantage, they were more often employed to keep more people from being dragged into trouble.\nLyney knew very well that once trust had collapsed, the scales of judgment would no longer remain impartial, and even noble goals would become twisted and thought of as evil.\nAs such, not revealing more than was absolutely necessary was prudent when working with others. More often than not, this makes things go more smoothly, with everyone getting the results they want.\nBut lies will not simply scatter on the wind, and Lyney must maintain this illusion with utmost care, all the while keeping his distance from those affected.\nAs so the tower extended towards the skies, until there would be no one to take his hand if he reached out, and even their visages blurred in his eyes.\nFalsehood was Lyney's constant and only companion on the path that he walked, and this road was long and lonely — this he was always clear-minded about.\nEveryone knew the brilliant "Great Magician Lyney," but they loved only the mystery, the romance, the unattainable nature. They knew no love for the heart that lay deeper within.\nHe felt he had no right to pour out his mind to others, and yet he must carry on with gritted teeth, for the price of a fall from such heights was more than he could bear.\nHaving played too many parts, even Lyney would sometimes find himself questioning who "he" really was.\nHis dreams often took him back to the tower, where his resting place at the pinnacle vantage would grow smaller and smaller, and with the fog of death they called "betrayal" extending all around, there was nowhere for him to go.\nBut just before he could plummet, a hand grabbed onto him — and from it, he felt a familiar warmth that drew his soul back into his body, steadying "him" within himself once more.\n"Thank you, Lynette..."\nThe awakening youth mumbled to himself.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nWhile Hotel Bouffes d'ete's operations in Fontaine work toward a just cause, its methods can often be radical. Only the influence of "Father" and her control over the inner workings of the Court of Fontaine prevent any serious incidents from occurring.\nThere was once an official funded by Lyney who served in the Maison Gardiennage. This person provided both intel in support of the Hotel's operations and scrubbed clean the effects of some of the Hotel's clandestine actions.\nThese were actions that came with no small risk, but the official always performed them well, for he believed that the Fontaine of the present day needed someone like "Father" who could bypass the many layers of laws and regulations and take direct action.\nLyney once joked to him: "I'll be there if you ever need help, and if you're in danger, I'll come to rescue you... Well, don't expect too much of that last bit. Just stay on guard, alright?"\nThe official knew that this was Lyney's way of expressing concern, of course. Yet even words spoken in jest could prove prophetic later, and so they did — this official's deeds were eventually discovered, and on the brink of capture, he used an emergency communication device to send a message to Lyney.\nUpon discovering the device, the Gardes who arrived at the scene mocked the official's naivete, claiming that the signal sent merely informed his compatriots to save themselves — no one would be stupid enough to try to save him.\nThe official's reply was also quite simple — even such an ending would have been fine for him, for he did not believe that his prior cooperation was the wrong decision.\nBut just as the Gardes were about to arrest the official, thick smoke began billowing forth from dispensers pre-planted nearby, and the official caught sight of a brilliant blaze—\nThe next moment, he was in the drink in the Fleuve Cendre, and was rescued by Freminet.\nIt was said that the Gardes spent a great deal of time chasing after the skyborne flame-trail, believing that the criminal must have used some flying machine to flee the scene, only to discover later naught but wood dressed in clothes, affixed to a glider.\nIn truth, Lyney had earlier used this device to draw the Gardes' attention away before getting the official out of his predicament.\nThe official admitted that he had not had high hopes when pressing the device. Magicians were untrustworthy, after all — but still, he had chosen to gamble on that tiny chance.\n"Haha. Well, it is indeed a gamble to place your trust in others."\n"But don't worry. Magicians might be full of hot air, but we will never betray the expectations of our audience."\nRosseland:\n\nThere is a special entity amongst the cats adopted by Lyney and Lynette, and its name is "Rosseland."\nEvery cat in the Hotel has its own territory, but Rosseland has a special affinity for Lyney's hat.\nA hat is a magician's most important prop, and each time Lyney must use it, he must first chase Rosseland out — a difficult affair when its displeased meows in response are so heartrending, especially to siblings like Lyney and Lynette, who themselves once struggled to find a home.\nThus the siblings began their search for a replacement, only to be met by refusal each time, no matter how lovely the new home — indeed, Rosseland would not even give them a second glance.\nLyney even specially commissioned an identical hat, thinking that this might put an end to the cat's choosiness, only for Rosseland to lay claim that new hat also, becoming aggrieved no matter which was whisked away.\nBut this was no feline tyranny. Indeed, Rosseland's requests were not terribly excessive. After much thought, Lyney eventually came up with a solution — to incorporate the cat into his magic shows.\nHe and Lynette constructed a little puppet inside the hat that would normally serve as Rosseland's cushion. During performances, Rosseland would burrow inside the puppet, causing it to jink this way and that in a mischievous and adorable manner.\nAnd as it turned out, Rosseland was not at all shy — indeed, it greatly enjoyed its new job. Perhaps the spotlight brought it much enjoyment indeed, for it would never prove quite so predisposed to exclusive ownership again, even when it had to temporarily leave its nest when off-stage.\nDuring one of his shows, Lyney once made a rare error, having left a card he needed to produce on-stage backstage.\nWith all eyes on him, he had mere seconds to think of a way to save the situation while maintaining his easy-going demeanor.\nBut to his surprise, there was an unexpected weight in his hovering hat — it should have been empty, but Rosseland had somehow found its way inside.\nOut came the puppet, and out with it came the card Lyney had needed, to the instantaneous applause of all. Lyney heaved a sigh of relief, but he was also quite shocked, in truth.\nSome thought was put into this matter — but Lyney could only conclude that Rosseland had, influenced by the twins as it was, also mastered the art of the magical performance somehow.\nVision:\n\nAfter Lynette gained the favor of the gods, the missions she had to undertake grew more dangerous and difficult.\nOnly Vision-wielders like Lynette could fulfill the most dangerous missions while remaining completely anonymous, and the twins began to operate separately more often as a result.\nLyney found himself unable to adapt to this. Not only had the siblings been together since childhood, but he knew that he was not the only one who felt disturbed by this split.\nHe still desired to be beside her, lending her all the help he could — this was his non-negotiable desire.\nKnowing his desire for power was no longer pure, Lyney concluded that he had become undeserving of divine favor. Yet he still desired a means to bridge the vast gulf in strength between him and his sister, which he did not possess. Unless...\nTo this end, he solemnly sought out "Father," expressing his belief that he needed the mysterious and perilous might of a Delusion to operate alongside his sister.\n"Father" was silent for a long while, till at last two slanted crosses pinned him in place with a wrath rarely shown to the children of the Hotel, her gaze seeming to pierce his very soul.\n"And would Lynette want you to do this?"\nHer simple yet powerful question cut through the strings that bound his heart, and in a daze, his sister's words once more reverberated in his ears.\n"No one needs self-satisfied concern."\nLyney did not need to ask his sister to know that she would never accept his desire to stay by her side with the use of a Delusion. It was only then that he realized the absurdity of his wish.\n"Father" stood up and left, but not before reminding him that this was not the first time he had lacked power, but that he had found an answer before.\nLyney would lock himself in his room, trying to digest the reasoning behind the words "Father" had left him with. When he and his sister had been out on the streets, the answer he had found then had been "magic." What, then, would the answer be now?\nLyney found the dossiers for all the missions Lynette had taken up during this period, carefully analyzing the process of each one and modeling his sister's every action.\nWas it really necessary to pass through this dangerous valley to get close to a target?\nWas it really a must to leap into such a swift river to flee the scene?\nNo, this was just the Vision's light covering her.\nThus did Lyney start to make comprehensive plans for his sister's missions, using his understanding of her to design the most suitable routes, make the most practical tools, and choose the best rendezvous points.\nThe trust between them did not change. The look in Lynette's eyes when she left was no longer so strained, and they often embraced heartily and happily when meeting at the rendezvous point.\nThe pure desire to protect one's family would not be moved, gods' favor or no.\nBut even the best laid plans of mice and men may go awry. After conducting dozens of successful missions, the children of the Hotel were caught up in a betrayal, and as a result, Lynette's movements were exposed.\nBefore the siblings was a towering cliff, just like the night when Lynette had gained her Vision — but this time, it was Lyney's turn to reverse their fortunes in a moment of crisis.\nHe opened his emergency paraglider, and grabbing her, threw himself off the edge. But their pursuers followed, raining gunfire down on them.\nLyney twisted this way and that, avoiding many a shot, but still the glider was punctured in several spots. Unable to maintain balance, they began to plummet downward towards the embrace of the ground below.\nStill, Lyney grit his teeth and refused to despair — should fate itself conspire to refute the answer he had come up with to protect his family, he would defy it to the end.\nTheir pursuers began to snicker, knowing that a fall at such speeds would be fatal — only to have a flame light up the skies, pushing the stricken glider toward a fast-flowing river nearby.\nThe power of Pyro changed the direction of their fall, while Anemo defended them from harm — and thus did the twin lights intertwine and spread under the moonlight, fading slowly like the applause that fills the stage during a curtain call.\nLyney did not guess at the meaning of the shining Vision he saw in his hand. The answer was, after all, no longer important.\n~~lyney ends here~~\n\n