Nahida:\nCharacter Stories:\nSeveral of Nahida's Character Stories change after completing the Archon Quest Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies. See the Altered Character Stories section for the alternate versions.\nCharacter Details:\nGreater Lord Rukkhadevata created Sumeru's rainforest and bestowed wisdom upon the people of Sumeru through the Akademiya. Despite her departure long ago, her name is still praised in the stories told in every household in Sumeru.\nOn the other hand, Lesser Lord Kusanali, who was whisked back by the sages to the Sanctuary of Surasthana following the former's fall, has been more of a symbol — one that signifies that the protection of divinity never ceased to exist on this land.\nBut the answers to who she is, how she descended, and what powers she has, are rarely known.\nFrom the highest sage's vague response and evasive attitude toward people's inquiry about Lesser Lord Kusanali, the people in Sumeru deduced that they should no longer expect merciful wisdom to descend from on high as before.\nThe Akasha, the sublime legacy left by Greater Lord Rukkhadevata, is just as handy and helpful as it has always been. What people are not aware of is that the Akasha today has become the ears and eyes of the newborn deity.\nThrough the Akasha, she has observed every bit of human emotions and attitudes. She is aware of their devotion to the old goddess, their disillusionment with their new deity, and the many comments that "The God of Wisdom will never come back."\nShe knows in her heart that she must keep learning and grow up as quickly as she can to stand up and face the threats from the most abysmal corners of the world. This is her inevitable duty.\nThus, whether she is misunderstood or underappreciated, Nahida makes no argument against it.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nThe process of learning and growth is joyful, and knowledge concerning this world always satisfies Nahida's exuberant curiosity.\nGradually, Nahida came to grasp the principles of nature and the elements, understanding the ecology of the sky and the sea. She could even compose what she learned into fascinating dreams that are logical, yet beyond imagination.\nSuch dreams are, in essence, the same as Nahida's marvelous metaphors — they all lead to a dawning understanding of the similarities between two otherwise unrelated things.\nBut there are times when she meditates on things yet struggles to figure them out, and such incidents usually concern events related to people or society.\nFor example, when honesty and truth could exempt a person from punishment, some people might turn silent and deceitful; and when with their beloved ones, some people would hurt others with brutal words.\nIt feels as if the contradictions of the entire world are focused through and manifested by human beings, whose fickle emotions are perplexing to Nahida.\nIn such moments, her metaphors would not work. Nor could she find any system in this world as a reference for such chaos.\nShe could only explain it by the fact that the difference between every person's uniqueness creates diverse reactions when they undergo similar emotions.\nBut this was not a satisfactory answer to Nahida. To better know human beings, plain knowledge and dogma alone would never suffice.\nPerhaps it was from that moment on that Nahida came to understand why "she" had to stand firmly by human beings' side and even made tremendous sacrifices for their sake.\nFor each and every one of "them" is a unique existence in this world.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nNahida's life might be uniform, but she owns the most fantastic and lively dream in all of Sumeru.\nThe knowledge she learns through the Akasha during the day is presented vividly in her dreams at night. As she learns more knowledge, her dreams become even more intricate and full of life.\nThe dreams not only relax her mind, but also give her chances to examine her new knowledge to see if it goes against common sense or if she is missing any details.\nWhen Dusk Birds first appeared in Nahida's dream, those birds soared through the sky in a standing posture with their wings folded.\nIt looked abnormal and caught Nahida's attention immediately. Nahida thus learned how wings worked, after which the Dusk Birds could fly freely in her dreams.\nNext, she adopted similar methods to fix Shroomboars that slept underwater, Radishes that grew on apple trees, and crystalflies with mismatched wing colors.\nKnowledge shall not be a mere approach to justify things in this world, it could also be used to satisfy her need for pure innocent fun.\nTechnically, Shroomboars can only walk on the ground. Now that she understood how wings work, wouldn't Shroomboars with wings fly all the same?\nAnd where there are flying Shroomboars, it is only natural to have crocodiles that walk on their hind legs and Harra Fruits who speak human languages...\nThe way Nahida develops her knowledge system has subsequently created a little amusement park for her, free of disturbance. In her dreams, she is in the embrace of boundless happiness.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nChildren have yet to be well-informed and are easily swayed by emotions, but it does not mean that they can be disrespected or mocked.\nFrustration and disappointments do indeed grant them a taste of reality — but at the cost of robbing them of innocent thoughts and exuberant emotions.\nThe children who unluckily run across such negativity would always hear a gentle, warm voice on some ordinary night.\nShe listens attentively to the children, uses her wonderful metaphors to clarify principles to them, plays with them, and talks about their favorite games and snacks... until dawn.\nThough the night is short, such company would let the children believe that there is still someone in this world who understands them.\nHatred and frustration are thus melted away by the warmth in their hearts, and the children would gain an opportunity to make a change in their lives such that they can grow in confidence and gladness.\nHowever, none of them could recognize to whom the gentle, warm voice belonged. Everyone knows, after all, that Greater Lord Rukkhadevata had departed a long time ago.\nA group of children gathered in secret and discussed this mystical phenomenon. Suddenly, a child who seemed to know a lot more than their peers mentioned a somewhat unusual name, "Lesser Lord Kusanali."\nThey soon accepted that theory. And, of course, none of their parents believed them.\nBut what did that matter? Lesser Lord Kusanali was already their friend.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nThe greenery-planning personnel in Sumeru City once received a mysterious letter. The sender was, apparently, "An Enthusiastic and Perfectly Leisurely Citizen of Sumeru City."\nThe letter contained detailed suggestions and thoughtful planning that took both the weather and practicality into consideration.\nJudging by the professionalism of the letter's contents, it was natural to assume that the letter was from a well-known Amurta researcher who would prefer to stay anonymous.\nDespite the writer's anonymity, the greenery-planning personnel carried out their work in the city exactly as stated in the letter, as if they were implementing orders from their superior.\nThe outcome reaped high praise. Later one day, Nahida borrowed Katheryne's body and took a walk on the streets in the city. To her great joy, she found out that the arrangement of plants was exactly the same as she had expected.\nThe letter was from Nahida, of course. She had written it because she thought that though knowledge is important, practice is also essential.\nBut with the exceedingly strict control the sages exercised, Nahida had to persuade them with great effort before they agreed to let her send this seemingly useless letter anonymously.\nBut so encouraged was Nahida by the great success of her first attempt at putting knowledge into practice that in the following days, even when she walked, she was ever so full of elated confidence.\nBut then she rounded a corner and noticed unexpectedly that several flowers of completely mismatched colors had been planted together.\nAfter careful examination, she found out that it was because she had not considered the possibility that one of the flower species might change colors, nor had she specified the cultivation environment for the flowers very strictly in her plans.\nThen it occurred to her that this bunch of flowers could have been here for dozens of days, during which everyone might have witnessed her "complete lack of aesthetic sense"...\nThat day, many claimed that they saw Ms. Katheryne, who usually stood behind the reception desk with a confident smile, crouching next to a pot of flowers, her hands covering her blushing face.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nHow might one eradicate the threat that forbidden knowledge poses to Irminsul?\nNahida used to believe that she was the one who had the answer, but never did she realize that she was also the answer herself.\nOne who takes action will certainly leave one's traces behind. When one wishes to eradicate oneself, a paradox would thus occur.\nThat is why it is inevitable that one must depend on others to accomplish this goal.\nBy the time Nahida had figured this out, time was running out, leaving her no room for further consideration. The knowledge accumulated through the years could not even help her find a solution to the pressing dilemma before her.\nBut just as ████ said, as one with wisdom, one should feel joy upon the discovery of the answer.\nShe was not born just to accomplish such cruel deeds. Only after eradicating forbidden knowledge could she focus on Sumeru's future and plan for the prosperity and happiness that her nation could call its own.\nWill a nation walking into the future still remember a name that no longer exists? It does not matter.\n"Does it really not matter?"\nNahida would have definitely proposed otherwise. Shame, then, that their time was too short. In that blink of an eye, ████ did not even leave her a chance to retort.\nNahida's "Toy Box":\n\nThough it looks no different from a regular box, this container has a variety of experimental replicas within it.\nNahida has a strong interest in popular games of all sorts. Their rules are simple, but they are also fun and profound. Be it puzzles or battle games, the fascination they inspire can be long-lasting.\nGames are simple but not simplistic, exemplifying the wisdom of their designers. Deconstructing and reshaping things also make for valuable opportunities to learn.\nHowever, the Akademiya researchers never supported her novel ideas, nor would they satisfy her wish for more toys. So, she compromised and asked for only wood and some tools.\nFollowing the instructions offered by the Akasha and applying her imagination, she managed to create various toys, such as chessboards, cards, puzzle pieces, and three-dimensional locks...\nThe sense of achievement from finishing making toys brought Nahida brief satisfaction, but she soon found this out:\nShe could not find an opponent for any battle-type games, and as the maker, she knew the solutions to all her puzzle games.\n"If only there were someone else around to try these out."\nSo she has always hoped. But before that suitable person shows up, these toys shall stay in their box for now.\nGnosis:\n\nThe existence of the Akasha is the means, not an end in itself. The moment when the forbidden knowledge was eradicated was the moment when the Akasha had accomplished its mission.\nThe one who had coveted the power of the Gnosis had written the entire drama from the start, and would show themselves as the curtains fell.\nNahida, using the Gnosis of a foreign land as leverage, deprived the cunning foe of his "segments" as insurance.\nBut the enemy immediately requested for a bargain as well, offering up critical knowledge of the world's "truth."\nHis knowledge of the values rooted in this land was without peer, and thus had he intended to take advantage of Nahida's curiosity and sense of responsibility from the very beginning. Indeed, the way he saw it, there could be no bargaining chip more suitable than knowledge.\nWith one Gnosis still in her hands, Nahida could not help but hesitate. She barely knew more about the Gnoses than she knew the "truth" of the world.\nThe Gnosis, to her, was but a core that gathers a mass of elemental power at her discretion. But if there is nothing more to a Gnosis, why was a god so eager to gather all of them together?\nShaking hands in bargain means an equal compromise for both sides, a far cry from any victory. On the other hand, turning down the bargain indicates a certain type of "ignorance," which, obviously, would more easily invite a loss of control.\nThus did the "God of Wisdom" instantly find her answer...\nAltered Character Stories:\nAfter completing the Archon Quest Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies, some of Nahida's Character Stories are altered to the following versions.\nCharacter Details:\nLong ago, the Dendro Archon created Sumeru's rainforest and bestowed wisdom upon the people of Sumeru through the Akademiya. Her name is praised in thousands of stories that are written to admire her deeds and virtues.\nIn the eyes of people in Sumeru, the existence of the Dendro Archon is more of a symbol — by which they ascertain that the protection of divinity upon this land has persisted since antiquity.\nThe Dendro Archon is revered by the highest sages in Sumeru City and venerated by the citizens unswervingly.\nAnd the powerful Akasha System is Lesser Lord Kusanali's eyes and ears.\nThe Akasha enables her to observe and learn about people's emotions and gives her omnipresent sight and hearing so that she can understand voices that are not praise.\nThe more she sees, the more she knows that she must learn constantly. Only through that can she enrich her experience, honing her skills to become powerful enough to face the threats from the most abysmal corners of the world.\nThere is no escape from this, her inexorable duty.\nEven though very few feel unsatisfied with the status quo, Nahida still remains steadfast.\nHer tenacity comes from conviction. She knows it better than anyone else — that, here, she is the one that all people rely on and trust in.\nCharacter Story 1:\nThe process of learning and growth is joyful, and knowledge concerning this world always satisfies Nahida's exuberant curiosity.\nGradually, Nahida came to grasp the principles of nature and the elements, understanding the ecology of the sky and the sea. She could even compose what she learned into fascinating dreams that are logical, yet beyond imagination.\nSuch dreams are, in essence, the same as Nahida's marvelous metaphors — they all lead to a dawning understanding of the similarities between two otherwise unrelated things.\nBut there are times when she meditates on things yet struggles to figure them out, and such incidents usually concern events related to people or society.\nFor example, when honesty and truth could exempt a person from punishment, some people might turn silent and deceitful; and when with their beloved ones, some people would hurt others with brutal words.\nIt feels as if the contradictions of the entire world are focused through and manifested by human beings, whose fickle emotions are perplexing to Nahida.\nIn such moments, her metaphors would not work. Nor could she find any system in this world as a reference for such chaos.\nShe could only explain it by the fact that the difference between every person's uniqueness creates diverse reactions when they undergo similar emotions.\nBut this was not a satisfactory answer to Nahida. To better know human beings, plain knowledge and dogma alone would never suffice.\nPerhaps it was from that moment on that Nahida came to understand why ████ had to stand firmly by human beings' side and even made tremendous sacrifices for their sake.\nFor each and every one of "them" is a unique existence in this world.\nCharacter Story 3:\nChildren have yet to be well-informed and are easily swayed by emotions, but it does not mean that they can be disrespected or mocked.\nFrustration and disappointments do indeed grant them a taste of reality — but at the cost of robbing them of innocent thoughts and exuberant emotions.\nThe children who unluckily run across such negativity would always hear a gentle, warm voice on some ordinary night.\nShe listens attentively to the children, uses her wonderful metaphors to clarify principles to them, plays with them, and talks about their favorite games and snacks... until dawn.\nThough the night is short, such company would let the children believe that there is still someone in this world who understands them.\nHatred and frustration are thus melted away by the warmth in their hearts, and the children would gain an opportunity to make a change in their lives such that they can grow in confidence and gladness.\nHowever, none of them could recognize to whom the voice in their dreams belonged. The Dendro Archon is powerful, but she must have many more important matters to attend to.\nAnd so, the children gathered in secret and discussed this mysterious phenomenon. Numerous were the possibilities they came up with, and they discussed at length about each imaginative explanation.\nBut in the end, the conclusion was, unsurprisingly, that only Lesser Lord Kusanali could be capable of a deed so kind and caring. Or, to put it otherwise, that was the only conclusion that these children were willing to believe in.\nAnd, of course, none of their parents believed them. But what did that matter? Lesser Lord Kusanali was already their friend.\nCharacter Story 4:\nThe greenery-planning personnel in Sumeru City once received a mysterious letter. The sender was, apparently, "An Enthusiastic and Perfectly Leisurely Citizen of Sumeru City."\nThe letter contained detailed suggestions and thoughtful planning that took both the weather and practicality into consideration.\nJudging by the professionalism of the letter's contents, it was natural to assume that the letter was from a well-known Amurta researcher who would prefer to stay anonymous.\nDespite the writer's anonymity, the greenery-planning personnel carried out their work in the city exactly as stated in the letter, as if they were implementing orders from their superior.\nThe outcome reaped high praise. Later one day, when Nahida was finally able to take a break, she took a walk on the streets of Sumeru City. To her great joy, she found out that the arrangement of plants was exactly the same as she had expected.\nThe letter was from Nahida, of course. She had written it because she thought that though knowledge is important, practice is also essential.\nAs a goddess, Nahida has higher priorities than planning the positions of some plants. But after careful consideration, she made up her mind and sent this seemingly useless letter anonymously all the same.\nBut so encouraged was she by the great success of her first attempt at putting knowledge into practice that in the following days, even when she walked, she was ever so full of elated confidence.\nBut then she rounded a corner and noticed unexpectedly that several flowers of completely mismatched colors had been planted together.\nAfter careful examination, she found out that it was because she had not considered the possibility that one of the flower species might change colors, nor had she specified the cultivation environment for the flowers very strictly in her plans.\nThen it occurred to her that this bunch of flowers could have been here for dozens of days, during which everyone might have witnessed her "complete lack of aesthetic sense"...\nThat day, many claimed that they saw Lesser Lord Kusanali crouching next to a pot of flowers, her hands covering her blushing face.\nNahida's "Toy Box":\nThough it looks no different from a regular box, this container has a variety of experimental replicas within it.\nNahida has a strong interest in popular games of all sorts. Their rules are simple, but they are also fun and profound. Be it puzzles or battle games, the fascination they inspire can be long-lasting.\nGames are simple but not simplistic, exemplifying the wisdom of their designers. Deconstructing and reshaping things also make for valuable opportunities to learn.\nInstead of purchasing toys from the bazaar, Nahida believes that making a toy from scratch brings a deeper understanding of the knowledge that lies behind it. To this end, she soon collected some wood and tools.\nFollowing the instructions offered by the Akasha and applying her imagination, she managed to create various toys, such as chessboards, cards, puzzle pieces, and three-dimensional locks...\nThe sense of achievement from finishing making toys brought Nahida brief satisfaction, but she soon found this out:\nShe could not find an opponent for any battle-type games, and as the maker, she knew the solutions to all her puzzle games.\n"If only there were someone else around to try these out."\nSo she has always hoped. But before that suitable person shows up, these toys shall stay in their box for now.\n~~nahida ends here~~\nNavia:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nFontaine's laws are very strict, but its people are quite free-spirited. Fontainian society contains all manner of social organizations, clubs, or factions, all of which have their own origins, development, goals, and style.\nFor example, the short-lived Hat Jellyfish Association ostensibly promoted the protection of the waters and those living within, but was in truth founded by a band of explosives enthusiasts.\nBy comparison, the Spina di Rosula are a law-abiding, reliable lot, their overly rambunctious young President notwithstanding.\nIn official statements, the Spina proclaims itself to be a citizen-oriented society that involves many walks of life and focuses its efforts on solving difficult issues amongst the common folk, and that it will cooperate with the Fontainian authorities where needed.\nIf you ask Navia, she'd tell you that the Spina serves as a business partner with all sorts of people in it, that will help with any problem, using the velvet glove or the iron fist as appropriate.\nNeither of these descriptions are mistaken, at least in broad strokes, so you may choose the one you prefer — though it is worth noting that those who choose the latter wording will find it easier to make friends with Navia.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nIn Fontaine, to say that you grew up watching the theater is no different from claiming that you were raised drinking water: Simply so ordinary that it barely bears mentioning.\nSo it was with Navia. So enamored was she with the scenes on stage that as a little girl she would pester her father to buy her tickets so that she could experience each part of the tale alongside the characters.\nThese feelings would take on a different note after she became involved in the affairs of the Spina di Rosula. The staged conflicts seemed fewer than the twists and turns at the negotiating table, and she could see the cosmetic scars imagined by makeup artists permanently carved into the bodies of those dwelling in the Fleuve Cendre.\nGradually, her visits to the opera house became less and less frequent, and she instead spent more and more time on those around her. Tragedy onstage was captivating, of course, but Navia did not wish for such tales of misfortune to befall real people.\nHow might one mediate between separated lovers mired in the battlefields of differing perspectives? How might one in middle age robbed of their ability to work by an accident find a new way to be the breadwinner?\nThe world is filled with problems of this sort, and while they bring little profit when resolved, unlike the core businesses that sustain the Spina, Navia throws herself into solving them.\nAnd if anyone should accuse her of being a busybody, she will counter thusly.\n"Such presumption, to call such matters trivial," she'd say, using lofty language to stymie the other party's reply. "This is called 'a stitch in time saving nine.' And wouldn't you agree that we're doing the Palais Mermonia a favor by preventing someone from being hauled up onstage at the opera house?"\nAt such times, Navia will not identify herself as the Demoiselle, President, or any fancy title, but as simply as Navia, an enthusiastically civic-minded citizen.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nNavia, presently the one helping people out of trouble, used to be the one getting into it as a child.\nPresident Callas, busy as he was, had to rely on Spina di Rosula members to take care of her, which was no mean feat when their charge could disappear in the blink of an eye. After much searching, they would at most find the barest hint of a fancy hat's rim visible on some rooftop... only for them to find naught but the hat itself upon finally climbing up.\nThe hat's owner would at that time already be playing somewhere on Mont Automnequi. Her curiosity was so intense that she could easily enjoy and entertain herself even without any companions. Give her a pond, and she could stare at it the whole day, watching birds flapping about as they bathed in the shallows and otters rising from the bottom to do the backstroke. Just this alone could bring her great joy for quite some time, and she would give gifts in gratitude for those who brought her such happiness — millet for the birds to eat, and shells for the otters to play with.\nSometimes, she would also seek out playmates. The children of Fleuve Cendre owned no toys for the most part, so she would play hide-and-seek with them, dragging her silk skirts with her through the pipes. Win or lose, she would always gain a little extra compared to the other kids. She would emerge from her hiding place brandishing a component or two she found in some nook or cranny, a few lost Mora, or a fifty-percent new portable toolbox, and bask in the admiration of her companions.\nThough she would often run off on her own, most of the adults were exceptionally tolerant of her behavior (her father being the exception). Spina members would help bandage her bruised knees, and the women of the Fleuve Cendre would help mend her torn clothes. Navia would think, Ah, I am loved by so many, and such thoughts would make her happier still.\nAt one point, Navia heard an elderly lady next door say gossipingly thusly with others: "...That girl only has her father, and he's got no time to accompany her... Poor girl, always having to roam outside by herself..."\nSuch words made Navia unhappy for a while. She thought herself quite fortunate. Her father loved her lots, and the adults and children around her also liked her. So why would someone regard her as one to be pitied? Perhaps, Navia thought, it was a matter of unclear communication leading to confusion. In which case, that wouldn't do, not at all.\nFrom then on, whenever little Navia felt loved, she would loudly declare: "Thanks for liking me so much. That makes me very happy!"\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nNavia's original intention behind combining a gun with an umbrella was quite simple: she just didn't want to carry too much around, as this would affect her ability to conduct other business.\nIt rains often in Fontaine, and the rain gives way to merciless sun, so umbrellas are a must when going outdoors. And it would not do for the Demoiselle of the Spina to go without a gun, for surely none would think it an ornament in her hands.\nHer sharpshooting skills are born of much practice, with her principle being that any stance will do so long as you hit your shots — even propping your barrel atop a Blubberbeast is fine.\nClorinde, trained in the art of Marechaussee Hunter marksmanship, tends to shake her head at this, even as words of affirmation tumble out of her mouth. "I find your optimism regarding battle is quite admirable."\nNavia takes that as praise. She met Clorinde when she was a (self-proclaimed) big girl of something over ten years, and is thus quite used to the latter's mannerisms. Yes, those are accurate words of praise, indeed!\nOptimism is indeed a rare psychological quality not to be undervalued. Many are those who intentionally seek to cultivate such a characteristic, yet prove unable to smile amidst life's struggles, while Navia appears to have been born with this ability. To her, there are only two types of trouble in this world: The solvable, and the unsolvable. Immediate action is the panacea to problems that can be eliminated, and as for those problems beyond one's power to change, then change yourself and learn acceptance.\nApart from optimism, Navia finds tolerance to be a value that brings real improvement to one's quality of life, and it is a virtue that extends to the Spina. Why, look at all the varied business ventures, and the people of all sorts — indeed, even a Tent Tortoise calls the place home!\nIt is said that this creature was a friend of Callas's named Consigliere, roughly meaning "Counselor." Navia has also taken counsel with it in the past, finding it patient, quiet, and long-lived — just the sort of person you'd confide in. One day, Charlotte happened upon Navia babbling away to Consigliere, and out came her Kamera. The next thing anyone knew, many would come to speak to the Tent Tortoise on the picture's account. Navia herself would seek it out less from then on.\n"Others should have a chance to chat with Monsieur Consigliere too," she would say with a straight face.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nThis world was probably full of contradictions from the beginning.\nTake Navia's father Callas for example. If the Spina di Rosula was more influential, a lot of things could get done more easily, but Callas stubbornly refused to accept the honorary title that the Palais Mermonia sought to grant him after the completion of the aquabus lines.\nAgain, Callas would never intentionally hide what the Spina did from his daughter, and would speak to her of all manner of business techniques, even personally or engaging others to teach her how to use weapons, as well as bringing her to the negotiating table, as if intending to groom her to be his successor. But at the same time, he never spoke of the cause of her mother's death, nor would he ever share his feelings with her. For a time, Navia was even confused as to whether she and her father were close or distant.\nLater, Navia slowly came up with a theory: That her father may have treated her so to protect her. He let her learn and build up wisdom in the hopes that she would become independent and be able to survive the crushing stresses of life. As for why he would not speak of his own pressures or pain, or even Clementine's death, it was most likely to spare his daughter sorrow or unnecessary guilt. And so he remained silent, never having a heart-to-heart with his own daughter, no matter how much he missed his wife.\nAs for his rejection of the title, this was possibly because he felt that Spina di Rosula would often be working with the common folk and a title like "Duke Callas" might create the perception of a difference in status between them, causing the Spina in turn to lose the trust of the people.\nStill, all of these are just Navia's own conclusions.\nThis is another area where Navia found herself conflicted. She was in all things valiant, and in business straightforward, but she never did seek her father out to confirm her conjectures.\n—Did you make those choices to protect me, Papa? Did you underestimate my ability to sort out my feelings, even though you trusted me?\nShe never spoke these thoughts aloud to her father. After all, she thought, they had time. Could she not wait until her stubborn old man stopped being so closed off, or until she had found better footing of her own, for them to have that conversation?\nIt was time that would answer her question, and teach her that which her father could not.\nSome things in life are like that, leaving only time for on-the-spot learning and no time for preparation, just as she would go on to organize her own memos after Melus's departure.\nWell, everyone makes mistakes at first, right? But don't worry — Navia's a fast learner.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nFontaine is the Nation of Hydro, and thus, from time immemorial, many tales about water have been flowing through it, such as the belief that the rain that falls is the Hydro Dragon Sovereign's tears and that the Great Terrestrial Lake holds the emotions of humanity...\nThe former is regarded as a ditty meant to pacify unruly children, while the latter is regarded by most to be unprovable, but as the matter of the "prophecy" progressed, people gradually turned to it for emotional sustenance.\nAs Fontaine's post-disaster reconstruction work steadily progressed, Navia found that more and more people began to stay a while and tarry by the water, especially around Poisson.\nAfter her accession as President, Navia was never one for slowing down or taking breaks. But once, when she was walking by the waterfront, she glimpsed her reflection in the surface and was suddenly struck by the desire to stop and stare, just as she had gazed at ponds when she was little.\nShe stooped down and scooped up some water, and watched as it drained away through the gaps between her fingers, till there was but a little left in her palm. Navia felt little from the water cupped in her hand, remembering only the traces of blood washed out by the rain, and the clothes left behind when the waters had retreated.\nShe had always been one to see the bright side of things, and did not wish for her sorrow to spread to her companions, and so she seldom cried. But thus did the unshed tears swollen with the river of the years at last find their outlet.\nThose tears were blown dry by the wind, and did not fall into the waters, but Navia believed that they would not fade with time.\nHer tears were utterly insignificant, but a drop in the ocean, but just as all other waters in this world, they would evaporate, condense, and fall as light rain, and with the wetness of each rainy season that came, they would meet again.\nThe Right Time:\n\nWhen Navia no longer needed to tiptoe to touch the shelf tops, Callas gave her a notebook. The book contained no dates and had no format, and even contained some text without punctuation — and was written by her mother, Clementine.\nWhile it was initially a welcome surprise, frustration and gloom took root in her heart as she read on.\nThe short essays began from the time Clementine went with Callas to visit the Fountain of Lucine. It seemed that from the moment they became intent on having a child, her mother would often think about her. In the golden sunflowers, she would see her child's hair, and in the bright lakes, her child's eyes.\nShe wrote down every last one of these hopes and blessings: May our child brim with beautiful virtues, try the many adventures and lovely cuisines the world has to offer, and experience all manner of joy and happiness.\nThis was not the first time Navia had read things her mother had written, but this instance certainly made her the happiest and angriest all at once. Why had her father only chosen to give this to her now!?\nBut her fury was not to last. She soon finished reading all the thin book had to offer, and its ending was one of devastating simplicity.\n"Though I have written much about our child, I suppose these are, in the end, just my own wishes."\nFor some reason — their connection by blood, perhaps — Navia immediately understood the meaning of those words. Her mother had not wished for these hopes become a burden upon her growing child, and thus, her father had given this book into her keeping only after she had already grown into an adult by following her own path.\nThat day, Navia, did something quite rare, and did not go out, instead spending a long time in her room. Equally rare, also, was her acknowledgment of her father's arbitrary exercise of authority in this case.\nPerhaps her mother had once intended to give her this notebook herself, once she was grown... when the time was right.\nVision:\n\nAt a birthday party many years ago, Navia took her favorite tabletop game out.\nPerhaps it was because this was also her coming of age, but the participants playing that day were especially numerous. Amid this lively atmosphere, everyone — apart from the birthday girl, the star of the show — racked their brains coming up with characters exceedingly ill-suited to themselves.\nMelus, the steady hand, became the rash and careless commissioner, inviting all present to solve — or suffer under, more like — the ancient curse afflicting his family. Sonny, ever elegant in speech and etiquette, would play a potty-mouthed petty thief, even making the grand sacrifice of shedding his pale outer coat, which usually stuck to him like a second skin. The nervous rookie, Silver, having been dragged into this by dint of passing by, was made a mighty, mysterious mage.\nThe most lethal blow came when Clorinde, who usually took charge of proceedings, decided to "band together" with the famed adventurer known as "Demoiselle" as a private doctor who missed every shot she fired. Someone had to do the healing, she reasoned — but alas, this left the role of game master open, with Callas unfortunate enough to be the only one left to fill that post. Thus was he forced to put his soft drink aside, and leave the audience stands (the bench) for the crowd of players (the sofa).\nNavia was most pleased with this start.\nThe game, however, got off to a bumpy beginning, with the strange commissioner bursting his way into Demoiselle's residence during her birthday party, only to misjudge and crash head first into a triple-layered cake, nearly drowning himself in dessert and ending the millennia-spanning family curse by his own hand within the first five minutes.\nDemoiselle would quickly get the good-hearted doctor to save the man, with the doctor musing if letting him live on was tantamount to helping their enemies as she rolled the dice.\nThe game master's expression did not change as he went faithfully about his duty in a low voice:\n"The young man, having braved the rain, was soaked to the bone, and both his hands were set a-trembling."\n"He did his best to clean the cream off his face and body, though he missed a few spots."\n"'Thank you, kind souls, thank you, for joining in my battle against this curse most wicked!'"\nThey were unusually lucky during the middle portion of the game. To solve a problem, one must investigate its source. According to the mage's hypothesis, the commissioner's ancestor must have made a contract with a demon for some reason. "Ah, if I had only rolled higher, we would already know that reason..." grumbled the mage. "Bloody signed a high-interest contract without a care for his descendants, didn't 'e, the blithering idiot?" The thief blurted out. "Well then, can we steal the document and destroy it?" Demoiselle asked offhandedly.\nThe inexperienced game master would regret allowing their actions for all time, for the thief's luck was truly ludicrous.\n"...Demoiselle was clever indeed, and the thief just as profoundly skilled."\n"No one thought that the contract would fall into their hands so easily, and yet the words written upon it were nigh indecipherable..."\nThe ending, too, was unusually happy. Thanks to the hardworking and kind (and also sufficiently rusty) game master, Demoiselle would finally drag the rest of the party, riddled as they were with status effects, into a confrontation with the ancient demon. The battle was as chaotic as ever, with the mage losing his sanity first, and the doctor not landing a single shot. But just as everyone's hit points were about to bottom out, the adventurer Demoiselle would hazard a venture. Using up a turn to move beside the demon, and tanking a full round of its attacks head-on, she knowingly gave the doctor a desperate order, as everything was going to hell: "Shoot me instead!"\nThe doctor's dice were rolled before the game master could say anything. Callas counted the dice in silence, before taking three deep breaths.\n"...The bullet pierces the demon’s weak spot, and the giant creature collapses into the abyss."\n"It returns to the darkness, and into slumber, taking that absurd curse with it."\n"Rejoice, rejoice, for the adventurer's courage and for her ill-omened ally!"\nPerhaps it was to go with the President's flow or out of genuine emotion, but there was indeed much rejoicing. Amidst the din, only Callas, who had begun to sort out the various items used for play, was stunned. He retrieved a golden-yellow jewel from within the dice box.\n"Navia... I think this is yours."\nThere were many people present, but this Vision did indeed belong to Navia, for it was with a flash of her thought that a great blade of Geo would slice her birthday cake in two... along with the table.\nLater at night, when the party and her excitement both had settled down, Navia would lie on her bed, unable to remember what she had been thinking when she had obtained the Vision. Had her mind lingered on the final victory, obtained only after much struggle and hardship? Or had she wished that her birthdays henceforth would be spent surrounded by friends, just like this one?\nIf it was the former, that seemed to obliquely indicate that a happy ending must be preceded by many tribulations... so best to go with the latter.\nThus were her thoughts as she lay at dreamland's door, still clutching the Vision.\n~~navia ends here~~\nNeuvillette:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nNeuvillette is a solitary person.\nFontainians who have tried to get close to him have, without exception, been politely rejected. To this day, no one even knows his first name, since he has always asked that he be referred to by his last name.\nHe believes that close personal ties will lead to suspicions about the justness of one's judgments, while he must remain a symbol of absolute justice.\nOf course, there will always be people who just won't give up. They will say, "Come now, Monsieur Neuvillette. Not everyone will stand trial, nor will you always have to remain in the judge's seat."\nBut is that really the case? If there is an answer in his heart, Neuvillette will not reveal it.\nGiven enough time, every river will overflow and flood. Every last Fontainian is guilty, with judgment and doom certain to one day fall upon them — this is neither metaphor nor rhetoric.\nYet, Neuvillette can share this fact with no one.\nTruly, he is a lonesome person.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nNeuvillette is not known for his personal desires.\nCurious members of the public and journalists are wont to seek high and low for him all across Fontaine when he is not sitting in the Chief Justice's seat of judgment. He may sit at a seat for specially invited guests during performances, appear by the shore when the skies are just on the cusp of weeping, or be standing within the shadows cast by the afternoon sun.\nThere was once a time when all believed that he was some kind of demon who existed solely to preside over trials and judge, forcing him to clarify that... Well, the gist of it was "to bear witness and judge is my great honor, but I am not a trial aficionado. Iudex is simply one of the hats I wear, and my time as a judge is but one phase of my life."\nThis successful clarification led him out of the frying pan, and into the fire, as they say — "Shocking News! Neuvillette Claims 'Iudex' to be 'Springboard' Post! Unspeakable Plans Next; Where Will His Ambition End?"\nAs for the new rumors, Neuvillette paid them no heed. Perhaps they were, in fact, right on the Mora, and he simply did not correct them out of principle? No one knows.\nNeuvillette is also not much of a drinker, nor does he like Fonta — indeed, he has never even been known to have given any sincere praise to the local chefs' most renowned dishes. This has led people to suspect that his lack of consumptive desire might come down to him simply not having a sense of taste.\nHis response was to organize a water-tasting salon party, at which all were gobsmacked by the wide variety of flavors water from different regions could possess and floored by the Iudex's most refined tastes. Of course, the amount of authenticity present in such interactions cannot be known.\nBut whatever the case, Neuvillette really is devoid of selfish want.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nNeuvillette is a just person.\nIf not for that quality, he probably would not have been qualified to serve as the Iudex in the first place.\nTo the children, the job of the man in the judge's seat is nothing more than wearing a wig, maintaining order in the court, and being the Oratrice's messenger pigeon. In truth, however, there are many administrative affairs that he must handle in private to keep the justice system up and running.\nDue to certain historical and traditional legacies in Fontaine, the Iudex also has the right to prosecute, as well as the power to enforce the law in person. This was originally intended to make it easier to maintain law and order during chaotic times, but as the system became further refined, this rule, which represented the spirit of the pioneer far more than that of the law, became maintained only symbolically. When the Iudex investigates a case or serves as the prosecutor, they must recuse themselves as judge, and have someone else take the seat. And in the few instances where he has personally investigated cases, Neuvillette has unerringly followed this rule.\nOne thing to note is that he has been the only Iudex in the land for a very long time, so much so that people often speculate that he must have been given an unimaginably long life due to divine favor. As such, it is well that he is nothing if not fair-minded, or such an extensive term would surely lead to problems someday.\nAs to what he is precisely — a familiar of the Hydro Archon, or a mysterious Hydro elemental creature, perhaps — there are a great many opinions, though Neuvillette has never once commented on such talk.\nIndeed, he is a person most impartial.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nDue to a variety of reasons, Fontaine's legal codices retain all manner of odd articles from days past. Neuvillette himself contributed this clause: "A Melusine shall be addressed as 'she,' rather than 'it,' for they are people too."\nThis might look strange on its face, but the more one considers it, the more it makes sense. After all, Melusines have been found all over Fontaine since near-modern times, and fighting for equal rights for them beginning with terms of address sent a powerful signal.\nIndeed, Fontainians have noticed that Neuvillette displays different amounts of warmth toward Melusines and humans. Most regard this as the understated goodness in his heart having found an outlet, becoming the love of a father.\nOddly enough, this one only gets stranger the more one knows about Neuvillette.\nFor he is the Hydro Dragon, and in this capacity, he regards Melusines as dependents and successors, and also as the finest example of a new sort of Hydro Vishap species. Yet he is also the destroyer of the present order, the one who shall judge all gods, and the foe of humanity. So why, then, did he secure human rights for the Melusines?\nYou alone could ask him this question, and this was his reply: "It wasn't up to me. Melusines simply prefer being around humans, that's all."\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nNeuvillette has always favored rainy days over sunny ones, as the moisture-laden air helps him relax. However, it has been a long time since he last delighted in standing under the rain.\nIt seems that from the time he chose to walk alongside Fontaine, he began to play the role of a strictly law-abiding normal person. Of course, normal people would not walk through the rain without an umbrella, allowing the rain to drench their hair.\nIt is worth mentioning that the role of Chief Justice is as much his true self as the Hydro Dragon is his essence. Only the role of "normal human" is one he must play.\nIt was in their solitude and guilt that humans invented a god to judge them, and in their greed and guilt that they created a god to save them. And with that god no longer present, it falls to Neuvillette to fulfill such expectations.\nHe has pardoned humanity, and has regained his original form.\nNow, he can finally walk in the rain and enjoy it.\nIndeed, he did do exactly this, and standing in the rain, he gazed into the distance, reminiscing about that day, so long ago, when he had received that letter.\nYes, a letter had found its way to him by some unknown means. The name of the recipient had been left blank, with the text only addressing him bluntly as "you."\nA special you. A unique you. Neuvillette was not opposed to such a manner, but neither did he approve of it. He felt, vaguely, that the powers-that-be of the present world had no real right to judge him so.\nHe knew that this letter had been written by the Archon Focalors, who was inviting him to come and see Fontaine, claiming "I shall leave you a seat with the best view in the greatest theater."\nLater, he would indeed come to receive that very seat — in the middle of the front row of the Opera Epiclese on the island known as Erinnyes. He would watch all manner of performances there, and the view was indeed excellent, just as Focalors had claimed.\nWhat happened later was not made public knowledge. In all likelihood, the people had no way of understanding what it meant that the throne was shattered, or how the power of water was fully restored to its original owner. As to their being pardoned, and why they had to be forgiven in the first place, that was an even broader and more complex tale.\nAnd thus did the curtain fall — Fontaine witnessed a happy ending to the greatest drama in history.\nOr was it? A happy ending, that is. It was then that Neuvillette understood that the "seat" mentioned in the letter was not merely a chair in an opera house.\nFocalors — or Furina, he should say — had given up her seat in the audience, come onstage alone, and become the heroine of the drama.\nThere were only ever a fixed number of seats, and for one to sit down, was for another to depart. That letter had been an invitation, issued several centuries in advance.\nWell, Hydro Dragon? How do you feel about becoming a member of the human audience?\nAre you enjoying this human drama?\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nOne as great as he should have no need for a constellation to shine over him. After all, "fate" is merely the manner in which the present ruler of this world plays with living beings.\nNow that he has obtained one part of seven of the authority over the mortal realm, and reforged the throne and title of a "Fully Fledged Dragon," he is one strong enough to equal and rival "the human realm" and logic would dictate that he need not subscribe to this system known as "fate."\nHe can see, in the skies of destiny, how many stars contend with one another, creating a complicated, fragile world. He did not initially care much about such, for the puppet strings glossed as "divine rules" would one day be burned away by the fires of judgment. But he too was taken in by certain pleasing rhetoric.\n"In that case, why don't you just watch over the Fontainians? They were born from the Primordial Sea, after all. That makes them part of this planet's native life, too, and a form of life that requires your care."\nHe would never admit that he himself had become quite fascinated with the joys and sorrows of humanity. Was it not so, he would argue, that humans find their gaze stolen by the ripples from falling raindrops in puddles? And could it not be, he would explain, that King Nibelung had been wrong, and that the black void could only be opposed if all life were to band together as one?\nThus did he, in the end, come into his own "fate." The skies had left a special, ennobled place for him, one reserved for the overseers and those who could defy the world itself — that of his own reflection.\n—Of course, he was born in the form of a human. But why, then, is his constellation the image of the great leviathan? Well, this leads us to a more mundane explanation for the situation, one quite separate from grave matters of the world's fate:\nAs the one named "Neuvillette," he would often be roped by Melusines (especially Sigewinne) into a bit of astrology via The Steambird's constellation columns or astrology guides from Sumeru. Would it really do, at that point, to tell them that he "didn't have a constellation" or that his own constellation was just "Neuvillette"?\nA Fontainian Nursery Rhyme:\n\n"Hydro Dragon, Hydro Dragon, don't cry."\nNo one knows who composed this children's song, or when, but it has organically spread throughout Fontaine all the same. Neuvillette has been somewhat perplexed by this. No matter how much time he has spent with Fontainians or how much they've been through together, he still cannot quite put a finger on how people view the real him — or that is to say, the Hydro Dragon.\nIn addition to commanding the power of Hydro, the Hydro Dragon also had mastery over the sea that was the source of life. Before any outside life forms were ever created, all life on this planet traced its origins to the Primordial Sea. Indeed, those placid waters were worthy of the title of "birthing waters" or "amniotic fluid" given by those who came after. And the Hydro Dragon could, in turn, be regarded as this planet's original "God of Life."\nNeuvillette knows all this, of course, just like he knows that all rivers meet again in the great ocean. These birthing waters might not be of any special importance to humans, but for Neuvillette, he can differentiate every drop, every minute memory. He still remembers the foreign usurper appointing their own "God of Life" to order the living. He still remembers how the usurper had made "her" to suppress the original vital force of this planet. And of course, he also knows how "she" came to commit the original sin...\nHaving considered all this, Neuvillette decided, then, that whoever had penned that rhyme, as well as the Fontainians who came to believe in it, must not have known the Hydro Dragon all that well, considering that they thought the Hydro Dragon could cry. What did they take said Dragon for, some sort of bleeding heart who grieved for humans and the heavens alike?\nVision:\n\nNeuvillette does not need a Vision to manipulate the elements. However, there were some things he learned only after regaining his complete form:\nSeverely wounded in the great war of vengeance, the usurper had their functions ruined, and could no longer use their absolute authority to suppress the original order of this world. To continue to subdue and control the resentments and loathing of the world, the usurper and one who came after created the Gnoses together. So it came to be that an order was made to be upheld, and thus did humans come to only possess these seven remembrances, and all fragments of the primordial were driven to devour each other.\nFrom that day on, whenever a person's wishes reached the heavens, the seven overseers of the material realm were duty-bound to grant them a gift. Though they might know nothing of who or what wish had stepped into the threshold of the sacred, the Seven Archons still had to impart a shattered shard of their mastery to that person. And when one so gifted completed their duty... the gift the gods would receive in return would be more abundant still.\nNeuvillette obeys no edict from the heavens, but he does acknowledge human will. So he too set aside parts of himself, as like unto the dragon-treasure hoards of old, awaiting valiant humans to come and claim them.\n~~neuvillette ends here~~\nNilou:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\n"Since you're in Sumeru, you must not miss Nilou's performances."\nThis is a fact that most people in Sumeru agree on.\nThere is no threshold for Nilou's dances, so everyone can come and enjoy a most fascinating and engrossing time there.\nNilou's audience comes from all walks of life. Be it a knowledgeable researcher or a mercenary who's seen true brutality — everyone is attracted here by Nilou's gorgeous, dancing form.\nEvery time Nilou takes the stage, a press of people crowds the Grand Bazaar until all are standing shoulder to shoulder.\nRational sense and wisdom are the mainstream in Sumeru, while art, which stands for sensibility, does not enjoy the same popularity and respect.\nYet if wisdom is meaning bestowed upon Sumeru by the goddess, then art stands for meaning that human beings seek for themselves.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nUnlike other dancers across the continent who hail from artistic families, Nilou came from an ordinary family in Sumeru.\nThe life that the family of three once lived was no different from that of many who lived in downtown area.\nThe knowledge they gained from the Akasha was enough for their common day-to-day lives.\nIf there was anything special about Nilou's family, it was that Nilou's parents' loved and cared for her very much.\nAlthough the pursuit of scholarship is prevalent in Sumeru, Nilou's parents never compared Nilou with other children, nor did they expect Nilou to become a researcher.\nGrowing up happily and living a stable life was all that they wanted for her.\nNilou thus grew up surrounded by love and respect.\nLater, even when there were differences of opinion and occasional arguments between her parents, Nilou's thoughtful and considerate mediation would permit no harm or grudge to ever linger in their family.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nEvery inch of the Grand Bazaar has been measured by Nilou's footprints, and she keeps everyone at Grand Bazaar in her heart.\nNilou can introduce anyone in the Grand Bazaar in detail, as if they were a family member.\nMr. Jut usually gets up early to make tahchin, so if you want the privilege of having the most delicious bite of freshly cooked tahchin, be sure to get up early!\nMr. Afshin's storytelling skills are simply divine. His wonderful ingenuity always makes people want to buy his merchandise.\nMr. Hushang, who sells toys, has very dexterous hands. With them, he fashions the most fascinating little toys, and they are very popular amongst children.\nAnd, of course, everyone has long regarded this smart red-haired girl as a family member too.\nEvery time Nilou goes grocery shopping, she always ends up carrying more items than on her purchase list just by making a single trip through the streets, and the weight of the groceries shows exactly how much people like and take care of Nilou.\nOf course, Nilou also takes care of them in return.\nHushang and Farhad may have a quarrel over a bet, about as long as Nilou shows up, the two will surely be reconciled.\nIf Afshin's Sumpter Beasts have stolen someone else's food, Nilou will come forward and help make amends.\nIf you ask Nilou why she is so enthusiastic, she will answer with a smile:\n"Because family is supposed to help each other, hehe."\nFor Nilou, her mom and dad are her small family, while everyone in the Grand Bazaar is her big family.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nNilou remembers clearly that she met her teacher at the Sabzeruz Festival when she was eight years old.\nBack then, the Knight of Flowers gave her a lot of Yalda Candies, and so little Nilou passed by the Zubayr Theater with candies in both hands.\nThe Sabzeruz Festival is a celebration that features dance, but before, only dance groups from abroad were invited to sing and dance at the festival — and on a temporary stage, to boot.\nNow that the Grand Bazaar finally had its own theater, excited people were flocking to the new stage.\nLittle Nilou managed to squeeze through the crowd to the front of the stage and saw the teacher dance for the first time.\nEven though there were no flowers on the stage, at that moment, Nilou felt as if she was watching thousands upon thousands of flowers blooming all at once.\nThe candies in her hands fell to the ground unnoticed, and she couldn't help but dance along.\nIt was only when the dance had ended that little Nilou realized what she had done, and hurriedly apologized to the people around her who had made room.\nIt was at this moment that her teacher also walked down from the stage in an elegant manner and helped her pick the Yalda Candies back up.\nShe reached out her hand to little Nilou, and asked gracefully—\n"Would you like to join me for a future dance?"\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nAlthough she has lived her entire life in Sumeru, the city of wisdom, Nilou has never shown any talent in the field of "knowledge." However, she always knows how to soothe the emotions of others in her own way.\n"This is probably a generous gift to me from Lesser Lord Kusanali."\nAfter learning to dance with her teacher, Nilou became deeply aware of the power of body language.\nCombining her talents and knowledge of body language, she created her very own form of "body movement therapy."\nFor example, when Mr. Zubayr is angry, everyone in the theater would be walking on eggshells.\nBut Nilou would keep a warm smile, drawing wonderful patterns one after another in the air with her arms and fingers.\n"Imagine that we are in the rainforest that has just rained, and that you are following me as we walk onward, saying hello to every animal that passes by, waving, leaving everything else behind..."\nPerhaps this may seem childish and funny to a bystander, but for those who are wrapped up in the moment, Nilou's gentle voice can cause the anger that clouds their minds to disappear before they even know it.\nWhat's even more amazing is that, according to Mr. Afshin, this body movement therapy has been trending recently — and it even works on his two stubborn Sumpter Beasts...\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nBe it in day-to-day life or her performances on stage, Nilou has always maintained a simple attitude—\nTo melt everyone's worries away and let comfort and ease waltz in.\nBut when "trouble" comes to her, she is often distressed due to her inability to make the call.\nTahchin sure is delicious, but Pita Pocket is also good, and I also saw someone holding a Potato Boat that seemed really yummy. Which one should I eat tonight?\nI've heard people talk about places outside Sumeru City... the pure white snowy mountain and windmills the size of giants... Should I also consider going out for a trip?\nNilou can often find good reasons to go with any of the options she is considering, and so they are like Forest Tree Frogs sitting across from one another with bellies out, not one able to win the others over.\nBut if there was a person who could make a decision at this time and tell her with confidence and calm:\n"Why not have half the amount of each and share them with me?"\n"And as for those places you have never been to, I have already set foot there. I can assure you that they are safe."\n...Nilou would dismiss her hesitation in an instant and raise her arms in a dance-like graceful gesture of thanks, before indulging in the joy of having solved a great problem for a long time indeed.\nLetters from the Audience:\n\nRefusing to accept gifts on stage has been a long-standing rule in the Zubayr Theater.\nSometimes, the audiences do still get too excited and may insist on giving various kinds of gifts to Nilou. That said, such givers will definitely receive a gift in return the very next day, along with a note that has been left at their doors...\n"Thank you for your kindness. If you would like to express your love for Nilou's dance, you may write a letter to the Zubayr Theater instead of sending gifts."\nAnd so it came to pass that like snow flakes [sic] dancing and falling in the air, letters filled with the audience members' passionate praise have been sent in batches and droves by the Dusk Birds to the theater's mailbox.\nDuring her free time when there are no shows or rehearsals, Nilou will read every letter carefully, share this joy with the other members of the Zubayr Theater, and then carefully preserve these letters.\nEvery word and every expression of recognition and fondness in the letters is worth remembering and appreciating.\nAs Nilou bettered her dancing skills, more and more people came to watch her dance, and in time, the letters have added up to quite the stack indeed.\nBut if someone cracks a joke, saying that Nilou is the most valuable treasure in the Zubayr Theater, she will definitely shake her head with a sweet smile.\n"Our most valuable treasure is our audience's love, and it is all carefully stored in one mysterious box."\nVision:\n\nNilou has heard her teacher talk about the meaning of dance more than once. From her teacher's perspective, dance is born from human life and has belonged to everyone from the very beginning.\n"As a dancer, you should convey emotions on stage, and your audience's smiles are their response to the emotions conveyed in your dance."\nNilou was well aware that she was nowhere near as good at thinking about the "meaning" behind things as Akademiya researchers. But still, she practiced diligently each day under the direction of her teacher and planned to continue following in her footsteps.\nWhen she finally first took the stage, she quickly became completely immersed in the performance, holding nothing back.\nShe thought of the wind, the moon, the gentle sound of the rose blooming, the feeling of stroking the tail feathers of Dusk Birds, and a myriad of beautiful things that existed in this world.\nShe wanted to display the beauty she perceived in her heart to the entire audience through her dance.\nSlowly, splashes of water ran together, converging into a lake on the stage. Like a Crystalfly dancing on a lake's surface, Nilou gently fluttered back and forth, and the lake-mirror rippled slightly in time to her steps.\nLike a water lily, her body swirled in the middle of that lake. Amazed at such pure and flawless beauty, the audience almost forgot to breathe.\nAfter the curtain fell, Nilou flopped down on the backstage chair and took deep breaths.\nLike dewdrops on a lotus leaf, a Hydro Vision had appeared at her waist.\nNilou thought then that she had perhaps found the purpose of dance at last —\n"To become beauty, and then to convey the beauty and value of art."\n~~nilou ends here~~\nNingguang:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nThe "Liyue Qixing" controls all of the commerce that takes place in Liyue Harbor. Its highly-revered position is also coveted by many. Their primary ruling is to play things safe and keep a low profile.\nThe "Tianquan" of the Qixing, Ningguang, is the only exception.\nShe is seen as an excellent merchant in the eyes of her rivals, a friendly elder sister to kids, a socialite at the banquets of Yujing Terrace, and a connoisseur of desserts... Ningguang is the talk of the town, and everyone seems to know everything about her. However, they all seem to tell a different story of Ningguang, with great discrepancies between the versions.\nStill, if there's one thing all the rumors about her agree on, it's that Ningguang is someone truly extraordinary.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nUp above Liyue Harbor, there is a floating palace held up by plaustrite. It is known as the "Jade Chamber," and it belongs to Ningguang.\nOn a clear day, one can see almost all of Liyue Harbor from the decks outside the palace gates.\nWhenever Ningguang has important business matters to handle, she invariably comes to this floating palace. She strictly forbids anyone from accessing the premises except for her three trusted confidants. Her confidants sort through the relevant information, summarize it and hang the summaries on the wall, while Ningguang rests against the railings, enjoying the view of Liyue and quietly mulling everything over.\nShe is certain to arrive at the perfect solution before her confidants have finished adding everything to the wall. Once she has made her decision she shreds everything and throws it out of the window, creating something of a snowstorm of paper.\nThe handwriting on the shredded pieces of paper stands out like ink in the snow to all of the merchants in Liyue Harbor.\nFor they know that whenever Ningguang's shredded snow falls, a huge change is about to descend on the business community.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\n"Ningguang knows everything," foreigners will often find the Liyue locals warning them.\nLoophole-hunting guilds, market-manipulating hoarders, smugglers coming ashore with their illicit goods... The Tianquan knows all the details, good, bad and ugly.\nOnce, an alchemist from Sumeru was traveling in Liyue and unwittingly happened across the records of a certain noctilucous jade transaction involving the Blackcliff Forge ten years prior. That night, someone from Ningguang's inner circle knocked on his window and invited him to join Ningguang in the Jade Chamber for a talk.\nRumor has it that Ningguang has enchanted the Jade Chamber in such a way that allows her to eavesdrop on everyone in the city's private conversations...\nThe truth is that Ningguang's eyes and ears are in fact the children who play on the streets in Liyue Harbor.\nBetween them, they are aware of every confidential meeting, every private conversation, and every new visitor to the city. When Ningguang gathers them around, her promise of delicious treats proves to be an irresistible incentive, and so they tell her everything they know.\nOnce she has finished carefully cross-referencing everything she has learned from the children against other sources, there is no secret hidden from her in Liyue Harbor.\nShe understands the value of reciprocity more than anyone, which is why she is more than willing to invest time in mingling with the common folk.\nOn top of that, she does actually like seeing the children smile.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nNingguang's attitude to making money is largely the same as anyone else's: you can never have enough.\nBut money to her is more than just a sign of wealth — each Mora is a trophy of a hard-won victory.\nNingguang is kind and friendly toward the common folk, but this is a side of her that none of her business associates could ever hope to see.\nTo her, the business world is a playground, and the zero-sum games are the most exciting. Each round she wins against a wealthy merchant brings a gleeful smile to her face as they sigh and reluctantly hand over the Mora, and nothing makes her happier than seeing the guilds bow to her wishes.\nEvery victory in this game adds to the wealth of the Liyue Qixing. Liyue Harbor prospers as a result, and this in turn creates more business opportunities and more profit for Ningguang. Every member of the Liyue Qixing is more than happy with this perfect cycle of interlocking interests.\nPeople often ask Ningguang why she is still doing business in Liyue Harbor when she has already acquired such vast wealth.\n"Vast wealth is a wonderful thing."\nNingguang patiently replies, never able to understand why people would ask such foolish questions.\n"Adding another Mora to the pot can hardly make it any less wonderful, now, can it?"\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nEveryone living in Liyue Harbor has to abide by the rules. Those who do so will see their interests protected, while those who violate the rules will be punished accordingly.\nThe rules are rooted in ancient laws set down by Morax, Liyue Harbor's divine protector, and they are absolute. Over the millennia, each Tianquan has introduced amendments to the rules to ensure they are well aligned with current societal needs.\nThe laws are compiled and published along with a 279-page commentary, and a copy is given to each citizen of Liyue.\nNingguang likes it this way: Law and order is good for business, and she understands the intricacies of the laws that forge the order better than anyone else.\nHowever, there was a certain ship captain by the name of Beidou who acted with flagrant disregard for the rules, smuggling contraband goods by leveraging her exotic cargo and exclusive business intelligence. To Ningguang, captain Beidou was the black sheep of Liyue Harbor's business community.\nAs Tianquan, it fell to Ningguang to impose heavy fines on Beidou each time she transgressed the rules. But much to her consternation, Beidou seemed to take these fines in her stride, like water off a duck's back.\nOutside of the official channels, too, Ningguang tried to find ways to implore Beidou to change her ways and stop putting the Qixing in such a difficult position. In response, Beidou simply explained away her actions as "enacting justice," "helping the poor" and "keeping the sailors in their jobs." As a firm believer in the principle of live and let live, Beidou had no time for Ningguang's advice.\nIn the end, Ningguang agreed to disagree and gave up trying to convince the stubborn Beidou to change.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nBeing the charming and wealthy woman that she is, Ningguang has never had a shortage of suitors.\nIt seems that every eligible bachelor, from the young esquires of Yujing Terrace, to accomplished young businessmen, to renowned sea captains, has at some point invested substantial energy into trying to win Ningguang's affection. One rumor even has it that a wealthy businessman from the Court of Fontaine signed a major trade deal with Liyue Harbor for the sole reason that it would mean he could see Ningguang more often.\nNingguang treats all her suitors with an equal measure of kindness and grace, but also keeps them at distance — enough to keep them interested but not push them away. Curiosity got the better of everyone in town, and now everyone wants to know: Who is Ningguang's lover?\nLittle do they know, Ningguang has no love for finite things, and will certainly not be bound by something that is finite.\nThe Jade Chamber, a floating palace above Liyue Harbor, belongs to Ningguang alone. It started out about the size of a room, but has since grown so large that in the moonlight it casts its shadow over the whole of Liyue.\nA portion of Ningguang's seemingly limitless wealth goes towards hiring skilled craftsmen to continue the expansion and refurbishment of the Jade Chamber, ensuring that it becomes ever more extravagant as time goes by.\nTo Ningguang, the Jade Chamber is a symbol of her wealth and power, and a sign that her business is flourishing.\nSave for Mora, it is the thing Ningguang loves most in the world — because it is infinite.\nOne day, she insists, it will cast its shadow over all the seven nations of Teyvat.\nChess Game: Liyue Millennial:\n\nNingguang invented a form of chess to pass the time.\nThis chessboard not only contains to-scale reproductions of Liyue Harbor's natural and urban geography, vendors, tea houses, shops, hotels and miscellaneous stores, but it also contains six, ten and twelve-sided dice (among others.) Players use the dice to determine how far their chess pieces move, and landing on various locations will trigger different events. Victory in-game is decided by the number of counters in each player's hands.\nThe rules can change at any time according to Ningguang's fancies, and when playing with others, she will always follow the newest rule set that she has on hand.\nWhen she's truly feeling the spirit, she will even design new rules on the spot — no one has yet beaten her at this game, and she has now reached the 32.6th edition of her rulebook.\nShe marketed the 8th edition of the game to the general public, believing it to be the easiest to understand, but it proved to still be far too complicated for ordinary folk.\nNonetheless, people flock to purchase sets on account of the beauty and intricacy of the model pieces.\nIn truth, more people buy it for the models than for the game.\nVision:\n\nNo one knows how Visions are created — they have always seemed to just appear out of thin air, leaving the countless unacknowledged in the lurch without a clue as to how to get one.\nAs for Visions left behind after their users die, they are masterless husks without any elemental power, nor is any method of reawakening them known, save for a tiny chance that it may resonate with another — and only one such "other" at a time...\nNingguang's first thought upon seeing such an object a subconscious "oh, look, a new business opportunity."\nPutting this up for sale would surely have the rich shelling out for it. And if they can't resonate with it, why, they'll just use it to keep up appearances. A sound call either way...\nAnd if there should be a way to collect such empty shells, could this not become a long term business?\nPlaying with the jewel in one hand, Ningguang began writing plans for an auction in the other, her smile widening as she thought about the riches to be had — and at that moment, the Vision shone forth its light.\nNingguang's smile froze as the Vision activated.\nHer attendants, coming upon the sight of their mistress, awakened Vision in hand, began to congratulate her on having obtained a priceless treasure.\nNingguang, for her part, seemed annoyed instead.\n"What's there to be happy about? Once broken, considered sold!"\n~~ningguang ends here~~\nNoelle:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nNoelle has much greater dreams and ambitions than other maids in the Knights of Favonius.\nLike anyone else in this city protected by the Knights of Favonius, she too dreams of donning the honored armor.\nEven if her skills are not enough to pass the rigorous selection trials, she still wishes to observe and learn from them every chance she gets.\nAside from her training, she enjoys her current life, helping everyone in need.\n"You can leave absolutely anything to me!"\nThat's her signature line. If there's anything that you need, Noelle is glad to be of aid.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nNoelle is "the maid of all maids" to many.\nSuch people also tend to say this of her: "She's everywhere."\nFor example, there was a child who once tried to get a plate during a banquet, but found that there was no way to open the cabinet without all the plates falling out...\n"Noelle!!!!!!"\nAll the child needed to do was scream, and Noelle appeared. She put the cabinet down on its back, took a plate out, and handed it to the child, reminding him not to have cold drinks immediately after having barbecue. Then she righted the cabinet, cleaned up other plates, and then put them back in order.\nNoelle's ability to be everywhere all at once is something miraculous to many.\nHowever, the job of a maid is no myth or legend. Noelle only does her job to the letter.\n"No more, no less. As it should be, not as it should not be."\nNoelle doesn't think herself special, only that she thinks too much at times.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nNoelle is always eager to help, sometimes excessively so.\nIf you were to ask her how to build a campfire as she passed by, she would not only stop and build the campfire for you, she would also put up the grill racks, season the food, cook it for you, taste it herself to make sure it's done, and remind you to put out the fire when you've finished so as not to burn the forest down. Then she would get back to whatever she had been doing beforehand.\nOf course, most people don't mind at all that she regularly goes the extra mile. But it can sometimes produce unexpected results...\nFor example, a merchant from Snezhnaya once came to Mondstadt, ostensibly wishing to get into the winery business. In truth, he had an evil plot to ruin the land, destroy the winery business in Mondstadt altogether and then seize the market with wines from Snezhnaya.\nHe disguised himself as an honest merchant with his family on a business trip to Mondstadt. Naturally, with them being visitors from afar, Noelle gave them a warm reception.\nInitially, the merchant was delighted with Noelle's hospitality; it was a cut above the crude etiquette he had come to expect from most peasants in Mondstadt. However, after a while he began to feel that something was amiss.\nNoelle seemed to be able to read his mind: She correctly guessed his schedule, cooked his family's favorite Snezhnayan dishes for them each day, and even knew that his daughter liked to go to bed hugging a ragdoll, presenting her with a hand-made doll she had sewn together herself.\nThis spooked the merchant, and made him hesitant to execute the next phase of his plan. Noelle's warm smile now chilled the merchant to the bone. What else did she know, and what was she really planning?\nIn the end, the merchant fled Mondstadt with his family.\nNoelle was upset for a few days, thinking she had somehow insulted her guests. Little did she know that all of Mondstadt was indebted to her for taking her job so seriously.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nMost of the time, Noelle's reliability provides a comforting presence, but there are always exceptions.\nOnce, she learned that an adventurer was trapped on Dragonspine, so she decided to mount a rescue by herself.\nThe snowstorm that day was terribly fierce, wiping out any tracks left by humans as soon as they were made. It was impossible to find a safe route to proceed, to say nothing of saving the adventurer amidst the snow.\nHowever, Noelle persisted on searching for the adventurer and eventually found him inside a cave, suffering from severe hypothermia.\nAt the time, her coat was completely soaked, and the water inside her bottle had turned to ice. Thirsty and hungry, Noelle still managed to carry the adventurer down on her back.\nThe adventurer was saved, but Noelle, having over-exerted herself, laid in bed for three days straight, suffering from a high fever. Everyone in the Knights of Favonius barely slept out of concern for her during that period. Fortunately, Noelle recovered.\nIt was not the first or second time that something similar had happened, and everyone was deeply worried for Noelle.\nIn order to prevent Noelle from putting herself in harm's way again, Jean had to invent some safe jobs to keep Noelle busy. If something were to happen, then Kaeya would have to save the day.\nDuring the Stormterror threat, Noelle was also eager to resolve the threat at its source. However, Kaeya managed to arrange quite a few "urgent matters" for her to attend to inside the city until it was all over.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nNoelle's petite form does a good job of hiding her great strength.\nThis does not just refer to her resoluteness or her indomitable spirit, but also her physical strength.\nOnce, Lisa accidentally dropped her experimental apparatus under her bookshelf and troubled over whether she could remain decent while bending over to retrieve it. Noelle made it over in the nick of time, lifting the full bookshelf with only one hand — and not a single book fell out between her hefting it and putting it down.\nThere was another incident in which several cargo-bearing carts were attacked by Pyro Slimes as they tried to pass through Mondstadt's side gate. As the owners were all in a panic, it was Noelle again who came to the rescue — hurling the carts — cargo and all, into the Cider Lake, before leaping into the water herself and retrieving every last item.\nRumor has it that when Noelle was studying the blade, she nearly sent Wagner — who prided himself in his forging skills — into despairing seclusion.\nIn all, he forged over ten different swords with different alloy compositions for Noelle, but all would lose their edge after a few uses.\nAt first, Wagner thought Noelle unskilled, but eventually found that the problem was more foundational: the swords just weren't strong enough.\nPutting his reputation on the line, Wagner finally made Noelle a sturdy and heavy claymore that was further reinforced by her affinity for Geo. Only then was her weapon issue (barely) solved.\nBut don't worry, Noelle won't use her superhuman strength unless the situation calls for it, as she is a pacifist at heart.\nThey say, however, that the very day Noelle received her custom-made claymore, she was set upon by a pair of drunken Treasure Hoarders in Drunkard Gorge, who thought her a harmless lamb...\nLet's just hope that no one else will ever be so unlucky.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nNoelle's greatest enemy, curiously, is not a person, but Ludi Harpastum itself.\nDuring Ludi Harpastum, long tables arranged in a circular shape and filled with all kinds of food will be set up in the plaza before the Cathedral for everyone to enjoy.\nThe food is usually prepared by volunteers who can cook. During this time, Noelle, who always holds herself to a high standard, joins the volunteers in continuously cooking and serving food.\nIt's not really any additional work; what's difficult is that she insists on tasting every dish to make sure they are up to standard.\nThe crispy Moon Pies; the sizzling Mondstadt Pork Chops; the towering Pile 'Em Ups — all the fried and barbecued foods, equal parts delicious and fatty, are customary at the festival.\nThe smiles on people's faces make Noelle truly happy. What makes her less so is seeing her bulging belly. She can't help but let out a sigh.\nFor the entire month following the festival, Noelle will volunteer for the Knights of Favonius' city night patrol.\nThe festival may be over, but her battle is only beginning.\n"Warning of Roses":\n\nThe maids of the Knights have many "red lines" that are not to be crossed, and one of these is that "the personal information of the Knights must be kept in strict confidence."\nThis does not only require restricting outsider access to such information — this restriction also applies to other members of the Knights.\nFor example, what Jean keeps in her private quarters, the contents of Amber's Baron Bunny, the number of special eye patches that Kaeya owns, the number of Klee's hidden bomb caches... These things are all top secret.\nTo avoid leaking such information, Noelle used red cloth to make a great many roses — in Mondstadt, this flower means "my lips are sealed."\nShe specially wove one such rose into her gauntlet as an ever-present reminder to herself.\nRevealing secrets would be a major dereliction of duty for a maid, and those who aspire to be knights cannot afford such errors.\nSo you can forget about probing Noelle for any secrets. She won't tell.\nVision:\n\nNoelle did once wish to fulfill her dream before its time. Some years ago, after failing her seventh selection test, which was really a foregone conclusion, she felt somewhat discouraged.\nThe etiquette, swordsmanship, the lines she had memorized... had they all gone to waste? She remembered all the strong points of every official knight, but who would remember the hard work of a failure like her?\nShe had never stopped aspiring to become a Knight of Favonius, but her exhausted body wouldn't let her get back on her feet like she normally would. She felt like someone who had spent days and nights traveling through an icy tundra.\nAt that moment, the main gate of the Knights Headquarters were flung upon, and out walked Acting Grand Master Jean, who had just been in charge of the selection process.\nWithout a thought, Noelle gave a precise knight's salute.\nImmediately, she knew that this was too abrupt a thing to do, and wondered what Jean might think of her.\nBut just as she was wishing that there was some hole she might crawl into to flee, Jean stopped in her own tracks and returned the salute.\nAfter a moment's surprise, Noelle gave a strained smile, clumsy but pure.\nThis was a lucky day that she would always remember, for she would receive recognition from two all-important sources this day: once from Jean, and the other from the gods.\nHer hard work had been remembered after all.\nFrom that day forward, Vision in hand, Noelle reaffirmed her belief that she would one day be able to don that armor. That she would be gentle and reliable — and yes, everywhere at once too.\n~~noelle ends here~~\n\n