Sangonomiya Kokomi:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nThe inhabitants of Watatsumi Island once lived in Enkanomiya, at the bottom of the sea.\nIt was only by the grace of the god Orobaxi bringing them up to the surface that the civilization of Watatsumi Island exists today.\nWhen Orobaxi was slain by the Electro Archon, its body was left as a skeleton and its resentment permeated the land, giving rise to Tatarigami.\nYet its desire to protect Watatsumi Island never faded. This will lives on in the bloodline of the Sangonomiya Clan, and follows them from generation to generation.\nThe current heir to this bloodline is known as the Divine Priestess.\nThe meaning behind this is as such: to inherit the will of a god in a mortal's body, and to defend this land and its people in that god's stead.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nThe day Kokomi ascended to the role of Divine Priestess, countless inhabitants of Watatsumi Island came to Sangonomiya Shrine of their own accord to see her.\nSurprise, suspicion, confusion, chuckles... Their expressions were strange, all on account of her overly-young appearance in their eyes.\nPlots were hatched and questions were endless. The ambitious planned to make their move. The storm was approaching, and all was not at peace on Watatsumi Island.\nYet all went back to business as usual not long after Kokomi ascended to her position.\nShe was fair in distributing rewards and punishments alike, appreciated the contributions of the people, and was militarily skilled. Her many abilities quickly won the hearts of most of the people.\n"Things will be alright as long as Her Excellency is here" soon became the most widespread saying on the island.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nThere are many factors involved in deciding victory or defeat.\nTerrain, weather, differences in military strength and equipment quality... All of these require careful consideration.\nThose who study the details too closely tend to miss changes on the field, and most who speak of strategy speak of it in a vacuum.\nOnly those who can grasp both the big picture and the small details can create miracles on the battlefield.\nAnd behind all this lies countless hours of hard work delving into the reasons behind one's failures.\nFew if any ever persevere to the end, but Kokomi was not only good at this but also possessed a unique tactical style.\n"Manipulate the larger strategic situation to force the other side to give up, and to win wars with the least amount of cost possible."\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nWhether on the battlefield or off it, Kokomi tries to "know thy enemy" as much as possible.\nShe tends to predict all possible scenarios beforehand and devise strategies to address them, which are then delivered as directives to those who enforce her will.\nThis has given rise to the issue of some of these directives being rather thick and heavy, but this method has guaranteed the stable development of Watatsumi Island.\nToday, Watatsumi Island moves each day towards greater prosperity, and as more talented people have been appointed to office, the directives that Kokomi has to deliver have decreased.\nAs far as she is concerned, that is something worth celebrating.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nWhen Kokomi has the time to spare, she will go on walks on Watatsumi Island alone.\nShe often tries to avoid crowds, pacing slowly through the violet forests, sometimes sitting by the seaside and looking out into the distance.\nThe sun and the moon rise over the sea, the stars shine in their skies, and the sound of the waves is pleasing to the ear, relaxing the soul.\nSometimes she will even place a seashell on her head, only to put it back where she found it when she leaves.\nIn her mind, perhaps some wandering crab will burrow its way inside and call this shell home.\nSometimes, Kokomi will also go diving, enjoying the calm atmosphere by herself, her worries sinking into the ocean depths as schools of fish swim all around her.\nKokomi treasures every sight there is to be seen on Watatsumi Island, and she remembers the name of every person.\nSadly, while scenery remains, people's hearts are complex and changeable.\nVictory is simple enough to attain compared to the mammoth task of making sure that everyone lives happily.\nThis dilemma has always troubled her.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nKokomi has been well-read since she was young, and has a particular love for military treatises.\nAs such, Kokomi has a broad store of knowledge to be used in every field.\nBut another result of her constantly being buried in such treatises of war and illustrated military texts is that Kokomi lacks skill in social interaction. She does not know when it started, but interacting with people eventually became tiresome to her.\nHaving ascended to the role of Divine Priestess, Kokomi had no choice but to learn many things that she wasn't any good at before, whether it was dealing with people or performing duties that she had little interest in.\nHowever, forcing herself to do things she holds little love for is a serious drain on her energy reserves, leaving her feeling quite exhausted.\nAs such, Kokomi set up an "energy" system of measurement for herself. When she does things she enjoys, her energy levels will increase, and the reverse is true when she trudges through unenjoyable slogs.\nWhen she runs out of this energy, Kokomi will temporarily put her duties as the Divine Priestess aside and resume being an ordinary homebody.\nEngrossing herself in the close reading of a book on military strategy, walling herself off from the rest of the world — thus does Kokomi reclaim a temporary respite from her busy existence.\nThese moments are of utmost value to her.\nSecret Notes:\n\n"As the ruler is, so shall the people be."\nThis precept was something Kokomi heard from her mother a long time ago.\nThe Divine Priestess' role is one of utmost importance to Watatsumi Island, and its people's eyes are always upon her every move.\nThe things she loves will be in fashion, and the things she dislikes, the people will also distance themselves from.\nKokomi, in truth, has no wish to affect the people's lives, and as such has rarely ever revealed much of her personal likes or dislikes.\nShe treats all things with an egalitarian manner, and holds "fairness of judgment" and "justice in dispensing rewards and punishment" to be her guiding principles.\nHowever, these are not necessarily her true feelings, and so she prepared a book of secret notes for herself.\nHere, she records the fluctuations in both her energy levels and mood.\nWhen the night deepens and the world falls silent, Kokomi will open this book and write the day's experiences, whether they be joyous, sad, or frustrating.\n...Of course, this object is for her eyes only — and so it must remain.\nVision:\n\nA leader with a strong will can lead those around them in a clear direction.\nHowever, Kokomi lacks such strong ideals. Instead, she respects the will of the people and wishes that they can each find their own way.\nJust as the vast ocean can accommodate countless souls and their individual desires, so does Kokomi wish her rule could be.\nWhen the Vision Hunt Decree came about, the resentment of the people turned into cries of revolt, and so Kokomi led them in raising the banner of resistance.\nAnd once the war was over, the hearts of the people turned towards peace and stability, and so did Kokomi direct her energies towards governance and economics.\nBut what was the source of this toil? Was this the role of the Divine Priestess speaking? Or was this a product of her own sense of duty? Or perhaps... it was a bit of both?\nAs the Divine Priestess, Kokomi naturally has her own Vision. And ever since the day she looked out at the sea outside Sangonomiya Shrine, her wish has never once changed—\n"I wish to protect all of Watatsumi Island and allow its people to lead happy lives."\n~~Sangonomiya Kokomi ends here~~\nSayu:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nMost Inazumans are unaware of the existence of the Shuumatsuban. In fact, the Shuumatsuban is a secret organization under the Yashiro Commission.\nThere is also a little ninja who goes by the name of Sayu in the Shuumatsuban, and this fact is even less known.\nSayu is a special existence in the Shuumatsuban. She has been raised in the Shuumatsuban since she was a child, and is extremely loyal to the organization.\nThat said, her most prominent trait is not "loyalty", but "laziness."\nLazing around is what Sayu does best. She has long mastered the various arts of ninjutsu, particularly those that help her to slack off or shirk her duties, such as escape techniques and aura concealment.\nPeople who don't know about her habits will have to make a lot of effort to find her.\nHowever, if you ask Sayu about her slacking, she will shrug and reply, "It's not that I'm lazy, I just want to spend my time on more meaningful things."\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nSayu is petite and can even be described as delicate.\nThis is also something that bothers her —\nOne by one, her peers are growing taller, but she still has the stature of a child, as her height has not changed at all.\nSayu is really anxious about this matter.\nDay by day, the world seems to be sprouting skyward, and only she remains small as ever.\nGrowing taller has gradually become an obsession in Sayu's mind.\n"As long as I sleep long enough, I can definitely grow taller!"\nShe came to believe this ever so firmly, seizing every opportunity to sleep as much as possible, creating every opportunity and circumstance, even when there were none.\nPeople around little Sayu often let her be, as they don't have the heart to disturb her sleep.\nSo now, the situation has progressed such that Sayu is able to fall asleep, even whilst standing.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nThe ninjutsu that Sayu has learned is not very powerful in combat, but it is quite useful in the matter of slacking off.\nShe is extremely skilled at hiding and covering her tracks, and is an expert in this area. Therefore, if she has the intention to hide, ordinary people absolutely cannot find her.\nHowever, even the most ingenious puzzles have answers, and even the most elusive treasures have clues for people to find them. This also holds true for Sayu.\nAfter spending enough time with Sayu, one will understand her habits and preferences. Trying to find her doesn't seem so difficult anymore.\nFor example, if you go to Sayu's room early in the morning and lift the covers, the odds are that you will find her in bed.\nAt noon, you can check out the trees near the shrine and who knows, you may find something unexpected.\nIt will be more challenging to find Sayu at night, but it's a good idea to go to her house and wait for her to emerge.\nHowever, please remember not to disturb Sayu, who is busy growing taller, unless it is absolutely necessary.\nEven gentle rabbits bite when provoked, let alone Sayu...\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nThat said, finding Sayu doesn't mean that she can be put to work quietly.\nMoreover, Sayu's work at the Shuumatsuban is not that of a fixed daily routine, but missions that pop up if and as needed.\nAnd so, this happens:\nWhen new missions are assigned, you won't see hide or tail of her.\nBy the time she has been found (and with much effort), a more suitable person has been assigned for the mission.\nAnd in case there is no other suitable candidate other than Sayu, all the more she will try to slip away, so as not to be overwhelmed by the mission.\nIt's just that... If Sayu used her ninjutsu to work hard, she would have had great accomplishments in the Shuumatsuban.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nSayu is the last successor to the Ninjutsu Art — Yoohoo Art.\nIn this school of ninjutsu, which is known for teasing its enemies, Sayu has learned only ninjutsu such as escape and clone techniques.\nThese ninjutsu are of little use in actual combat, but have an undeniable aesthetic flair.\nAmongst falling leaves, a silhouette vanishes in a flash, a gentle breeze blows, and a kite suddenly appears on the ground... The incredible scene is comparable to an artistic performance.\nThus, whenever there is a festival, Sayu will be invited by various parties to perform her mysterious ninjutsu.\nIf it's Yoimiya who's searching for her, Sayu can still find ways to hide.\nBut if the person in question is Lady Guuji Yae, resistance is futile for Sayu.\nClone techniques do nothing to fool the Lady Guuji's sharp eyes, and aura concealment doesn't help Sayu at all in escaping from the Lady Guuji's grasp.\nRunning for the hills is even less feasible, and might even risk angering the Lady Guuji...\nFortunately, there are very few circumstances that require Lady Guuji Yae to make a personal appearance.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nFor as long as Sayu can remember, she has been studying ninjutsu with her sensei in the Shuumatsuban.\nAlthough the Shuumatsuban is a clandestine organization, the elders are very kind and have taken good care of young Sayu.\n"Being overly reliant on others is never a good thing for a ninja."\nAfter Sayu had reached a bottleneck in learning ninjutsu, her sensei observed her situation and thought thusly.\nAs the years passed, Sayu grew steadily. Once she was capable enough to defend herself, her sensei chose to leave quietly.\nA young animal that leaves the protection of its parents will grow up rapidly. The same is true of the sensei's expectations for Sayu.\nThe young ninja did not disappoint her sensei. Soon after, Sayu obtained a Vision.\nAnd then, she started working diligently in the Shuumatsuban... diligently shirking her duties.\nSayu is always busy sleeping and hiding from people, so in that sense, she also has a lot to do.\nOccasionally, when Sayu is free and alone to enjoy the moonlight, she feels lost deep inside.\nThe people who have always been with you will one day leave...is this how life is meant to be?\nBut perhaps someday in the future, I will also meet the person who will always be with me.\nPondering the matter, the little ninja fell asleep again...\nMini Mujina:\n\nSayu's outfit is said to be a gift from her sensei.\nThe style references the form of a small animal — the "mujina," and Sayu's favorite colors were also specially chosen for it.\nIt is light and flexible, thus making it suitable for a ninja.\nSayu is especially fond of the huge hood, as it brings about a sense of security.\nThe long tail is designed for Sayu to maintain balance on the branches.\nAs for the only drawback... this outfit probably looks too much like a tanuki, and Sayu often gets misunderstood because of it.\nInitially, she would seriously explain to the other party that:\n"I'm not a tanuki, I'm Sayu."\nHowever, over time, similar incidents have occurred too many times, and Sayu now bears a grudge against tanuki.\nNowadays, if such a situation happens again, Sayu will pout in anger.\nSo, in order to get along well with Sayu, please memorize the following:\nSayu is not a tanuki, but Sayu.\nHer outfit is also not that of a tanuki's, but a mini mujina.\nVision:\n\nThis is the story of Sayu when she just started being on her own.\nFragile beings walking alone in this world inevitably find themselves in scary situations. The only way to understand what it's like is to have experienced it.\nThis is exactly what happened to Sayu. Adept at observation and evasion, she has always understood that she is not suitable for combat.\nHer overly petite stature gives her no advantage in terms of strength to speak of, and her ninjutsu will not be of much use in actual combat.\nYet missions do not wait for ninjas to grow fully before descending upon them. In an era of turmoil, Sayu would also find herself in trouble because of not-so-important work.\nSurrounded by strong foes, she had to do her best and barely managed to escape. It cost her almost everything to bring the information back safely.\nExhausted and wounded, Sayu was about to faint, but only one thing lingered in her mind:\n"It's not only strong brute force that can overpower everything, the weak have their own way of surviving. It's because you're weak that you can notice those unseen moments that change your fate... The chances of escaping from here are slim, but that's what my ninjutsu is for."\nThe moment the leaves fell, she disappeared. All her pursuers were incredulous. The tiny ninja disappeared as if she were dust in the wind.\nThe next morning, Sayu struggled to get up, and found that the ninja pack strapped to her leg had long since disappeared.\nHowever, a surprising object appeared in the same place instead — a Vision gleaming in the sunrise.\nNow, with the power of the Vision, Sayu can wield a claymore taller than herself. She no longer has to fear the omnipresent strife of a chaotic world.\nUnfortunately, Sayu's most immediate worries have not yet been resolved.\nRegarding her growing taller, it seems that even a Vision is unable to do anything about it.\n~~sayu ends here~~\nSethos:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nA new face appeared in town, though none can recall when he first showed up.\nThe young man from the desert would show up at any occasion he was inclined to attend with a bearing so confident and natural that many only realized quite some time later that the person they had spoken with earlier was, in fact, a newcomer. After much asking around, they finally found out his name: Sethos.\n"So, where did you meet again? He's an old friend of yours, right?" People would ask each other such questions, before discovering to their surprise that none of them had known him for long.\nLike a grain of sand blown over the high city walls by some wild desert wind, Sethos blended into the crowd with ease, speaking with them of homelands and travels. People warmed to him immediately, for his unforgettable green eyes and way with words led them to believe he would make a good friend indeed.\nAs the sun set, their new friend would regale them with the tale of how he and a group of Eremites had led Sumpter Beasts away from a sandstorm, setting up camp by an oasis to pass the night; of the desert night's bitter cold, and the euphoria of daybreak that made it all worth enduring.\nIn Sethos's telling, suffering is merely another kind of experience, and all experiences can become stories; and the fonder people grew of his stories, the more they looked forward to seeing him.\nBut one time, when his audience had collapsed on the tables in a drunken stupor, the still-sober Sethos was left sitting there spinning his cup.\nThis is what he said:\n"All of you are always saying I seem too ordinary in my stories. So how about this for a change... In this one, I am the protagonist, and with me I carry a golden key, which I may use at any moment to open a long-lost treasure trove and lead the people to a place of great mystery. There's no way you'd actually prefer a story like that, right?"\n"If you ask me, that kind of story is just boring. Stories of extraordinary things happening to ordinary people... those are the ones worth telling! Besides, even if mysterious, special individuals like that did exist, they wouldn't be as young as you." The tavern's owner just couldn't stop himself from interjecting.\n"Exactly," replied Sethos, who for some reason looked particularly happy.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nFew city dwellers have ever seen Sethos running at full tilt. Had they, they would know that this was a young man who could run like no other; any who wished to keep up with him would have to run as fast as the wind.\nSethos himself is very proud of this, and often remarks: "You're gonna need some special skills if you want to survive in the desert, right? Mine's running, and running fast."\nThanks to his fleetness of foot, those around him often entrust him with important errands — though strictly speaking, these aren't actual jobs, not even of the part-time variety. Things like delivering letters for bedridden elderly folks, or fetching homework for forgetful students who left it at home.\nHe is repaid in all sorts of different ways. Some students give Mora and others buy him coffee, while others still have offered up their treasured Genius Invokation TCG cards as a token of their heartfelt appreciation.\nAs for the older folks, their gifts have always been... more unique, shall we say. Aside from money, some even treat Sethos to a home-cooked meal, or dig up some old ornament to present to him as a gift.\nBut the easy-going Sethos always accepts everything he is given. He adds it all to his collection, which he sorts by value: Mora, ornaments, useless odds and ends, Genius Invokation TCG cards, and everything else.\nA woman on Treasures Street once asked him, "You never say no to any task! Don't tell me you actually enjoy running errands?"\nSethos loved eating the fried fish rolls she made. Apparently, aside from her own family and neighbors, the helpful Sethos, who lent a hand to her shop, was the only one on the entire street who had ever had the pleasure of tasting that delectable delicacy.\nHolding the meal box she'd just given him, Sethos stood there for quite some time, thinking the question through.\n"Huh, you're right," he finally said, as if something had just dawned upon him. "Come to think of it, I really do enjoy running errands."\n"You don't want a better line of work? You seem to know a lot, and you're pretty capable, too... If you'd like, I could help you find a job?" The woman sounded very concerned for him.\nSethos simply waved his hand and pointed at a figure that was flying past in the distance. "What do you think that person's doing?"\nThe woman looked up and saw a large, round object sailing by, with what appeared to be a person beneath it. In a tone of surprise, she replied, "Isn't that another errand-runner?"\n"That's Hat Guy, a student from Vahumana who's known for his speed," said Sethos, raising his fork. "But I've heard that sometimes, he also gets called on to deliver letters for the Akademiya."\n"Do you mean that... that's just what he likes to do?"\n"No, no, I don't think he likes it, but I'm not like him. I'm a people person, and I enjoy running errands and taking on the easy tasks. And look, you even treated me to a meal! Besides, I've got a proper job too, so don't worry about me."\nOver the next few days, Sethos was busy with his own affairs. One day, as he passed by the side gate of the Akademiya to handle something, he suddenly heard a voice jeering at him from the treetops: "The errand-boy's come running all the way to the Akademiya. Quite the busy little bee, aren't you?"\nPerched up there on the branch was none other than Hat Guy himself. Smiling back, Sethos raised the lunchbox in his hand and smiled at him, saying, "I'm just here for lunch — someone gave me this. Want some?"\n"I'd say you're no errand boy at all. You've got a more important role."\n"I'd say that you're no student either. You've got a more important role."\nSometimes, a few words are all it takes. Without another word, Hat Guy tugged the brim of his hat and vanished in an instant. As for who Sethos really was, or what this "important role" of his was... Well, there was no one around to hear their little exchange anyway, let alone care.\nSethos took his time finding a spot with a good view where he could sit down and enjoy this free lunch of his, which he'd received for a multitude of reasons. Having the chance to meet all these different people, and receive all these gifts in return... He was quite satisfied that this was all thanks to his running ability.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nThere was no way Sethos's drunken companions could ever have remembered the great hero he'd referred to in his story, the mysterious figure who held the key to a treasure trove. The only one who did was the owner Lambad, who would say to his tavern's customers: "It's the storyteller's own words! Do you think something like that's really possible?"\nMost of those confronted with such questions could do little more than stare blankly at one another. Dori picked up her fork, complete with fish roll spiked on its tines, muttering: "If it was, he'd be rich by now."\n"Perhaps he's already become the leader of a tribe? Stories like that are those of the desert," rejoined Candace, who was sitting at the next table.\nDehya, however, laughed, as the thought of someone sprang into her mind. Turning to Lambad, she quietly asked: "And why not? You don't have to be old to have a mysterious background. Who knows, maybe they'd even be the type to drink here, and they'd even have to find a day job, too."\nAt this very moment, Sethos was somewhere far, far away. His footsteps were light, despite the pack he was carrying. On the horizon, the sun was slowly sinking, the shadow of night rising through the distant sky. Seeing that the day was nearly spent, a look of fear was writ large upon the face of the Vahumana researcher he was traveling with. Looking at his employer, Sethos handed him some a flask of drinking water without saying a word.\nSethos had considerately slowed down to a fraction of his usual pace so that the researcher would not fall behind. At night, employer and guide shared a single large tent. As Sethos set up the tent, the researcher sat warming himself by the fire Sethos had built, a look of gratitude spread over his face.\n"You don't seem like you want for money. Why are you willing to guide people like me through the desert? You look like you've lived in the desert for quite some time, too."\n"I had the time, and you needed the help, so I came along. I grew up in the desert, so I couldn't get into the Akademiya myself, and besides, I'm curious about what you're researching. So for me, serving as a guide and a guard for researchers is a chance to hear interesting new things."\nSethos's expression was calm and composed, just as it was whenever he told stories, exposing nothing — and he looked quite sincere too. Faced with such sincerity, it was difficult for the researcher to refuse, so he began to recount some entertaining anecdotes about the Akademiya, with complaints about his classmates, colleagues, and research mixed in. Resting his chin on his palm, Sethos sat there listening intently, seemingly fascinated with the researcher's life.\nOver the next week, Sethos accompanied this little-known researcher as he completed his investigation, then seeing him safely back to the Akademiya. When the researcher handed over the payment, Sethos pocketed the money without so much as checking the amount, then walked back out of the entrance with a wave.\nAs he did so, he just so happened to run into the General Mahamatra. As he looked at Sethos, and then at the now-distant researcher, Cyno knew exactly what had transpired.\n"How's your side-gig going? Do you find their work interesting?" asked Cyno.\nFollowing Cyno's lead, Sethos leaned against the railing and gazed out onto the sunset.\n"It was alright. But these scholars are just so stubborn. He kept insisting that there must be a tribe of sages living in seclusion out there in the desert. I told him there was no way they'd be living next to the Mausoleum of King Deshret, but he just wouldn't believe me. In the end, I told him that the place I grew up was just like that, but he didn't believe that either."\n"Tell him that Tighnari, Collei, Dehya, and myself can all vouch for the fact that you are, in fact, from that kind of place."\nSethos sighed. "Then he'd just think me a liar. People from 'places like that' aren't the type who have time for guide work."\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nIn Sumeru, both scholars who study King Deshret's civilization and those followers of his who can recite the names of Al-Ahmar and his Seven Pillars by heart know the significance of the "Temple of Silence."\nIt is an extremely ancient organization, and if people knew of its mission, they would sum it up with two words: "sublime" and "stewardship."\nIt has been over a thousand years since Hermanubis, the greatest of all sages, established the Temple of Silence. Their sole aim is one that is also truly sublime, and that is to steward the knowledge that should not find its way out into the world. Over the long centuries, the desert has experienced great turmoil. The Temple of Silence has fled from the devastation of war, taking with them all the knowledge they possessed as they moved from place to place. For a time, they came to the rainforest and worked with the Akademiya, but as they could not trust those wielding power in the Akademiya, they left. Finally, they found a place for themselves in a forgotten corner of the world.\nSethos, the one who tells this story, is himself from the Temple of Silence. Despite his claims to be ordinary, he is anything but. Or perhaps an ordinary identity is how Sethos wishes to make up for his own life.\nSethos was born in the desert. His mother is said to have been a merchant, and his father a mercenary, and a number of clues have led some to conjecture that they must originally have come from a desert tribe with a tiny population. But alas, it is unfortunate that Sethos has no memory of his birth parents. As far back as he can remember, he was already in the care of Bamoun, living in the Temple of Silence as his adoptive grandson.\nAfter some years, it was discovered that Sethos's special constitution was capable of receiving a Ba fragment of Hermanubis. As a result of this, he was indwelt by a great power with which he established a sacred connection.\nThe other whose childhood experiences were similar to his — Cyno, the General Mahamatra — had long gained the admiration of Sumeru's people. But Sethos didn't want to become a famed, high-profile figure like Cyno. Therefore, after arriving in Sumeru City, he chose to live in anonymity, assuming the most ordinary of ordinary identities.\nHe found a place to live and invented a perfectly normal and reasonable-sounding family background for himself. Sometimes, he serves as a desert guide, while others, he helps merchant caravans with this and that. When he is bored, he can be found in various locales, chatting with friends to pass the time.\nOf course, that is when he is free; things are very different when he is busy. Lesser Lord Kusanali sometimes invites him to meet with the sages to discuss various issues that arise as they work together — for Sethos has now succeeded Bamoun as the leader of the Temple of Silence, and under his leadership, the Temple has once again established a collaborative relationship with the Akademiya.\nOn the one hand, a perfectly ordinary new resident of Sumeru City; on the other, the new leader of the Temple of Silence. Both of these identities are his, despite the apparent gulf between them.\nIf you were to ask him which life he preferred, however, rather than choosing between them, he would simply reply: "Ah, come on now, there's no need for that! Making unnecessary choices is such a tiring way to live! Think about it, you wouldn't force someone to choose between a bottle of liquor and a cup of coffee, would you? Aren't they both me?"\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nBamoun, the previous leader of the Temple of Silence, had been called the "Bearer of Bloodshed." Where this title came from, Sethos neither knows, nor particularly cares.\nGrowing up as one of its members, Sethos had a very particular perspective on the Temple of Silence, one that was the opposite of that of an ordinary child. It took him many years to understand what the Temple of Silence meant for the world.\nAs the leader of such an organization, how heavy was the burden that Bamoun had borne? Sethos believed he knew, yet still found it difficult to imagine.\nThe Bamoun that Sethos remembers is not the stern, upright leader, but rather the kind, patient grandfather. When Bamoun still had his health, he would often take Sethos into the desert.\nCamping, exploring, hunting... if it was fun, they did it; and it was during this period of his life that Sethos learned how to cook, navigate, and set up camp, all thanks to his grandfather's patient guidance.\nAt that time, Sethos was a very mischievous child. He would spend his time endlessly running around chasing tumbleweed, determined to discover whatever it was that they contained. During the daytime, Bamoun would let him run wherever he wanted; but when the sun began to set, he would personally come to fetch him, leading him back to their tent where Bamoun would sit reading through some abstruse books or documents.\nSethos would crouch by his side, sneaking furtive glances at whatever he was reading. Seeing this, Bamoun would say: "You don't have to pretend you're not looking, you know. This isn't some kind of rare ancient text. You don't think I'd actually bring something like that out here with us, do you?"\nThe ancient texts cared for by the Temple of Silence are of the utmost importance, and even the leader cannot remove them without good cause. Most of the books that Bamoun brought with him were from his personal collection, while others he purchased from desert merchants.\nGrandfather and grandson would huddle together, reading through the texts one word at a time. When Sethos could not understand, he would sit there scribbling silently away in the sand, writing out riddles he had read about or proverbs that others had told him from memory.\nOne time, he asked Bamoun: "What's a rabbit?"\nBamoun replied: "The prey of beasts; the nemesis of hay."\nHe followed this up with: "What's a flying serpent then?"\nBamoun chuckled for a moment, then replied, "It is a creature who blessed you. The priest said that you would have the dexterity of the fox and the agility of the flying serpent."\nAfter night had passed and not long after dawn, Sethos would arrive at the top of the hill with the various weapons that he was carrying. In this place, he would hone his combat skills — first ranged, then melee. Archery was taught by several other figures; but it was Bamoun himself who taught him how to fight with a polearm.\nSethos asked Bamoun: "Is this your favorite weapon, Grandpa?"\nBamoun replied: "It is the one for which I am best suited. The polearm is the hallmark of a skilled warrior and the emblem of the brave. Even Cyrus fought with a polearm, though whether he may be considered a brave warrior... That is another question."\nSethos did not wait to hear what his grandfather might say about that, but he could tell from his expression that he did not think Cyrus was a coward. In fact, that was precisely why he hesitated.\nLater, Sethos acquired a polearm of his own. Interestingly, it was clear at a glance that it had not been made by any desert dweller. Bamoun did not tell him where it had originally come from, saying only that it had been left behind by Cyrus, and that as it was a fine weapon, no harm in putting it to use.\nSethos was sharp enough that from then on, he had a vague sense of the deeper meaning behind Bamoun's words.\nThere were many times when he had thought to himself: Did Bamoun really hate Cyrus? But perhaps his apparent distaste was simply a way of complaining about the fact that his friend had left. If you actually hated someone, you wouldn't hold on to their old possessions. Yet from the ordinary way that Bamoun had brought out and presented him with the polearm, you would have thought that there was nothing special about it at all.\nWhat the Temple of Silence needed was what Bamoun needed; yet Bamoun's feelings were his own, and were not those of the Temple. As its leader, it was only right that he should hate someone like Cyrus. But as a friend, perhaps he was glad that Cyrus had shown the courage that he had.\nSuch contradictions would not, and could not, persist indefinitely. There would inevitably come a day when his grandfather would find some way of resolving his little differences with the Temple.\nTrimming down branches to help the tree keep growing — that was the type of person Bamoun was. Yet even if he would always remain that kind, patient figure in Sethos's heart, he still carried the burden of bloodshed.\nThe next person Bamoun sacrificed would be himself. Sethos understood that Bamoun too knew his grandson would figure this out sooner or later.\nThus did grandfather and grandson reach a silent understanding — that a day would come when they would no longer be an ordinary grandfather and adoptive grandson, but instead two individuals standing at the crossroads of history.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nOn many nights, Sethos's stories return to the same word: "Friend."\n"Friends" appear in all corners of his stories, each varying in appearance, age, gender, and identity. Sethos never mentions them by name, saying only that: "My friends are all good people. Without them, it's hard to exaggerate how dull my life would be."\nThe General Mahamatra Cyno might be considered to be Sethos's first friend. Strictly speaking, they've known each other for a very long time indeed. Sethos had already spoken to him during those years when Cyno was still with the Temple of Silence. Later on, the two of them underwent the same test, having Ba fragments implanted and losing a portion of their memories as a result. Cyno's reaction was much more severe, causing him to almost completely forget that he had ever lived at the Temple of Silence; whereas Sethos had not been so badly affected, losing only some memories related to people.\nHe couldn't tell you exactly what he'd forgotten. Perhaps his birth parents, or the faces of his childhood friends. Fortunately, with the exception of Cyno, all of his childhood friends lived at the Temple of Silence, so learning what they looked like again wasn't difficult. And despite the fact that they had forgotten each other, he and Cyno were later to meet again, after which they struck up a true friendship. This pleased Sethos very much, who likes to call Cyno his "bro."\nAfter Sethos left the desert, his "bro" Cyno's close friend Tighnari also became an important friend of his. Living in Avidya Forest, this Tighnarian Forest Watcher had an endless stock of stories about the forest, its plants, and the people who would get lost in it. Coming from the desert, where such greenery was practically nonexistent, Sethos was full of curiosity about Tighnari's life and work. Sometimes, he and Cyno would go over to Tighnari's place to mooch a meal, and he'd even compete with Collei to see who was better at setting up a camp.\nNot long after, he also made friends with the reliable mercenary Dehya, as well as Candace, the Guardian of Aaru Village. Candace even invited Sethos to visit Aaru Village, telling the residents that he was a "traveler" from the heart of the desert.\nSeeing his bemused look, Candace replied, "You're so busy, rushing here and there every day, so I thought that was the best way to describe you. It must be a wonderful way to live, able to walk on your chosen path..."\nIt was a still, cloudless day when Sethos returned to the Temple of Silence.\nHe assigned matters that needed to be addressed to those there, and he had also brought back many rainforest specialties to share with his people. Among the members of the Temple of Silence, there were many who had never been to the rainforest, so it was a real treat for them to see such unfamiliar things.\nOnce official matters had been settled, Sethos got out his old waterskin, his favorite lyre, and a leaf from Avidya Forest, then set off. He spent that night by the fire he lit beside Bamoun's tomb.\nHe was not sad, nor was he confused — he simply wanted to return to the place where his grandfather had raised him. Being by Bamoun's side gave him an unparalleled sense of calm.\n"My friend picked this leaf for me. There's nothing special about it, really. I just thought it looked beautiful, and I wanted to show you."\n"Oh yeah, and another friend called me a 'traveler.' What do you think about that, Grandpa? Whenever you claimed to be a traveler, everyone used to say you hadn't been to enough places. But now I have. Plus, I have plenty of free time, so I guess that makes me more of a traveler than you ever were."\nWith this, he threw the leaf into the fire. The flames leapt up for a moment, almost as if a hand were gently waving back at him.\nWith a smile, Sethos gave the firewood a prod and smiled. "Excellent, I'll take that as a yes."\nOld Waterskin:\n\nAn old waterskin made from animal hide. It is older, in fact, than its owner. Sethos treasures it greatly and always has it by his side.\nIt was a gift he received from his grandfather. It is said that some tribes reward their warriors with high-quality waterskins. Though Bamoun did not say it to Sethos in so many words, he gave it to him after the latter shot a faraway bird out of the sky while it was in mid-flight.\nThe strap of the waterskin bears his name, engraved by his grandfather's own hands.\nVision:\n\nNormally, a hunt only begins in the wake of a disaster. But sometimes, there are exceptions.\nDue to a companion's mistake, Sethos, Bamoun, and two other members of the Temple of Silence found themselves surrounded by wild beasts. They fought the pack for an entire night, managing to slay several of their number just before dawn.\nIn this encounter, Sethos fought with energy and courage. He knew that Bamoun, being advanced in years and having previously sustained injuries in various battles in the past, was no longer up to the task of taking charge of battles out in the wilds. So as the sun rose on the second day, the first arrow to pierce a beast's skull came from the bow of Sethos.\nBut his arrows, tearing through the swift wind like drops of water falling into a pan of hot oil, simply ignited a fresh round of even fiercer fighting.\nYet in the space of a moment, the ground suddenly began to shift. The beasts, who were focused on hunting down their human prey, failed to notice; and by the time they did, they were already caught in the quicksand, several being swallowed up in an instant.\nSethos led the others to higher ground, using a rope and other tools to climb up to the highest nearby point as swiftly as they could. Of course, the beasts that had not yet been engulfed by the quicksand discovered this refuge too, and threw themselves at it, only to be shot down one by one by Sethos's arrows.\nAfter a moment of chaos, the surviving beasts fled, and the surviving people breathed a sigh of relief. But at that very moment, a storm bore down upon them, and within a short while, it hit them with its full force.\nIn the raging wind, Sethos could barely keep hold of the three others. In desperation, he tied the rope around their waists, tethered the other end to himself, and clung to the back of the rocky mountainside with all his strength.\nHe knew not how long it took, but the roaring sound of the wind finally came to a stop. Holding on as tightly as he could, Sethos slowly pulled the others back to his side.\nAfter observing the weather to ensure it was safe, they returned the way they had come. Along the way, Sethos spotted two more beasts — one large, one small — lying dead at the bottom of a cliff.\nLooking at them from a distance, Bamoun remarked, "Most likely a parent and a child. The larger one was probably chasing the smaller one, trying to drag it back, before it too lost its footing and they were blown down together."\n"They were with that pack of beasts just now... But weren't there quite a few smaller ones? This large one died trying to save just a single one, and now the other small ones will be left unprotected. The losses far outweigh the gains... It shouldn't have taken the risk," said one of the other members, shaking their head.\nTrying to rescue your children first from quicksand, then a storm... It sounded like an almost impossible task. Sethos had noticed, though, that Bamoun had been staring at that spot the whole time, as if it had reminded him of something. But in the end he said nothing more.\nHaving survived the disaster, the group slowly departed, with Sethos bringing up the rear. Before leaving, Sethos glanced back down at the scene below to regard the unsuccessful beast one last time.\nHaving just experienced a genuine life-or-death situation, he now felt an additional weight in his pocket — a Vision. But in moments like that, the chain of events that led up to it happening seemed irrelevant; sometimes, the only thing people could see was the end result.\nSethos gripped the Vision tightly through the fabric of his pocket, reflecting calmly yet deeply upon this truth.\n~~sethos ends here~~\nShenhe:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nShenhe was originally from a branch family of exorcists, but due to a series of coincidences, she became the disciple of an adeptus.\nShe is a student solely of Cloud Retainer in name, but her impressive constitution and intelligence quickly won several other adepti over.\nShe would go on to learn from them all, eventually becoming a master of adeptal arts in her own right as a mortal.\nShe very much looks the part as well in her unique temperament and manner of carrying herself — indeed, it would be no understatement to name her a true adeptus upon meeting her for the first time.\nHowever, it is precisely due to the long years of tutelage that she has lacked company save for the adepti and odd passing illuminated beast.\nThis isolation has caused her to grow distant and indifferent.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nSometimes, a few rumors will escape from Liyue's small community of pilgrims to make the rounds in the city's back streets.\nThese tales often depict someone being in a hopeless situation in some desperate place, when suddenly—\nA wandering white-haired adeptus comes to their rescue in the nick of time...\nMost such stories are a collection of lovely, intoxicating clichés, little different from the oft-told street-tales of fated marriages and the like.\nBut if one were to ask that white-haired adeptus to tell the story, it would take a vastly different shape:\n"Some annoying creatures worm their way into the mountains from time to time. I simply get rid of them to prevent them from disturbing my master's meditations."\n"If some people did wind up getting caught in the crossfire and injured... Well, it was their decision to come here. There isn't much I can do about that."\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nShenhe is in all likelihood the least accustomed to mortal life amongst those who take on an adeptal appearance.\nHaving been sequestered in the mountains since a young age, she lacks experience and common sense, which makes it difficult for her to relate to people normally.\nTo ordinary people, there are many solutions to any given problem. But to Shenhe, any solution that is not the simplest and most direct one may as well not exist.\nFor example, she almost never considers "negotiation" as a solution to being at cross-purposes with others, mostly resorting to "threats" instead. After all, it is simple and efficacious. A good solution, no?\nShe has also spent much time ruminating on problems that are truly esoteric.\nFor example: Why do we need to pay for food?\nIs there any difference between intimidating civilians and intimidating bandits?\nShe even truly believes that her master, Cloud Retainer, is a most brilliant and eloquent conversationalist.\nIn a certain sense, she can be considered very pure.\nMuch like a child, she relies on her chaotic yet straightforward intuition and logic to get her through life.\nMountain Shaper once had this to say about her:\n"Little Shenhe is not only stronger than most — she also possesses a unique character."\n"She knows not the world, understands not common sense, distinguishes few cuisines, and acknowledges no hierarchies."\n"It may not be such an easy thing for Cloud Retainer to tutor her."\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nLiyue has no lack of folktales about meetings with the adepti, and many of these concern relative nobodies whom an adeptus took under their wing, thus elevating them greatly.\nHowever, the circumstances under which Shenhe's fate became tied to the adeptal abodes was no such glorious thing. If anything, it was an experience characterized by anguish.\nWhen she was five, her mother passed away, and her father, having loved his wife dearly, found that agony hard to bear.\nOver time, this agony turned into resentment, and this resentment birthed obsession, by which he was driven wandering throughout the land like a man gone mad.\nHe left for close to a year, never stopping, never able to sleep soundly, ever searching for some technique that might bring his wife back.\nAt last, when the year was almost out, he returned in joyous frenzy.\nHer father had brought with him a secret art known as "Fate Transference"—\nBy making a ritual sacrifice to the seelie summoned by this art, a living person's body could be exchanged for a dead one's life.\nAt that time, Shenhe was yet utterly unaware of the disaster that would befall. She was only an ordinary child, overjoyed at her long-absent father's return.\nHe claimed that he had a surprise awaiting her in a cave in the mountains behind and that he would take her there immediately. She was ecstatic...\nBut the scene that followed would be burned into her mind forever.\nHer father summoned that hideous, horrifying black "seelie" into that cave, its blood-red eyes craving her delectable life-force.\nStupefied, Shenhe knew not from whence it had come, nor what it wanted from this place.\nCrises often paralyze people. One thought only, however, crept into the young Shenhe's mind.\nThis creature wanted to eat her, but she did not want to die. She wanted to live!\nGripping her mother's keepsake, an exorcism dagger, she faced that dark "seelie," trembling yet resolute...\nSeveral days later, an adeptus following the trail of great evil would investigate the cave, only to find the little girl collapsed inside — spent, famished, parched, her life hanging by a thread.\nTaking pity on the lass' ruinous fate, and seeing that she possessed great talent, having repelled some terrifying force on her own, the adeptus would bring her back, heal her, and instruct her in the adeptal path.\nIf not for that, Shenhe would not be as she is today.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nEven the most diffident heart, cooled from living and training in the mountains for over a decade, might sometimes experience strange surges.\nSo it was with Shenhe. On impulse, she came down from the mountains one night to return to what was once her home.\nShe did not know how she felt about her home or her family. She was merely driven by some nebulous desire:\nTo live in the house that was once hers, and to see what became of her father, lost in his obsession.\nShe learned from neighbors that he had passed away several years prior only when she got there.\nHer childhood home had also been demolished by pawnbrokers — and thus had all the traces of her memory dissipated.\nShe did not care about the attention she was attracting, and did not answer a single one of the questions asked by those in the vicinity.\nShe simply stood there, listening to the howls that swept through the depths of her heart.\nWas it hatred? Mania? Relief?\nThey were all there, and yet none tarried for even an instant. It was as if her heart were an old well without ripples.\nNo, like a barren well with no water upon which there might be ripples.\nShe stood there for a long time, before departing again before the astonished eyes of all.\nEach step was slow indeed, but she never once turned back.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nLiyue has its own fortune-telling, destiny-reading methods, similar to astrology.\nOf these, there are two fates that people seek to avoid at all costs.\nOne is that of the "solitary star," which dictates that one will be separated from friends and family, living alone all one's days.\nThe other is "disastrous evil," which means that one will face many hardships and perils.\nWhen the adepti rescued Shenhe, Moon Carver did once read her fortune.\nThe signs showed that she was marked by both the "solitary star" and "disastrous evil," and that she was also plagued by intense homicidal urges — she was thus a person of supremely ominous destiny, doomed to harm both herself and others.\nTo ensure that she could grow up safely and not harm any innocents, the adepti bound her soul using red ropes.\nThis binding had the effect of restraining both her evil fate and her violent tendencies, but also shackled many emotions that should have originally belonged to a human.\nFrom then on, she became more and more disaffected by trivial matters, and even things most might consider important were but dust to her.\nShe became ever less human, and ever more like a lovely yet cold statue.\nBut surprisingly, she felt something stir within her when she encountered that Traveler from a distant land:\nLong-dormant emotions, now strangers to her, came loose all at once from the depths of fate's tableau.\nPerhaps it really was as Moon Carver once said: that heaven might dictate fates, but destiny's tale is written by mortals. The tale of Shenhe and the mortal world had not yet ended...\nWhite Jade Comb:\n\nOnce upon a time, Shenhe had a full head of black hair.\nWhen she was first brought to Mt. Hulao, she would not say a word. The only thing she proved willing to do was to climb the mountain and watch the sea of clouds.\nIt was well, however, that she would sleep when tired, drink the dew of the mountains when thirsty, and would chew on a few stalks of Qingxin when hungry.\nCloud Retainer took this all in, but did not disturb the girl, instead making this comb of white jade from a sacred stone and giving it to her.\nThe adeptus said that if she ever wished to sever her ties with the mortal world and enter adeptal tutelage, she should brush her hair thrice with this comb, and it would be counted as a rite of apprenticeship.\nShenhe did exactly as the adeptus said without any hesitation. And something strange happened then — for as the jade comb brushed through Shenhe's hair once, a layer of her black locks turned a frosty silver from root to tip.\nOn the second brush, but half her hair remained dark.\nWhen the process was complete, only a flowing curtain of snow remained.\n...\nToday, Shenhe still keeps this comb on her person as a symbol of her connection to the adepti.\nThrough her years of training, she has long since come to understand the meaning behind those three brush strokes:\nThe first to uproot useless anxiety, the second to forsake joy and sorrow, and the third to walk this path into old age without regret.\nVision:\n\nFew people know how the young girl in the cave, intended as a sacrifice by her own father, had been able to stand against the monster for days and nights on end by herself.\nThough Shenhe was born into an exorcist family, her maddened father had not taught her a single thing about exorcism.\nAnd like many at that innocent age, she was also wholly unused to facing life's perils alone.\nBut in that aphotic cave, bereft of parental protection — indeed, betrayed by kin — Shenhe underwent a metamorphosis.\nJust as Moon Carver's readings had shown, the sleeping calamitous fates, violent urges, and unyielding spirit within her burst their bonds all at once.\nThose things served as an unseen shield and invisible blade, arming the girl's frail form.\nThey gave her strength, gave her claws and fangs, allowing her to attack that wretched creature before her, to swear to tear it to shreds — to prove that she, and not it, was the cruelest evil that stalked the darkness.\nTheir life-and-death battle across the next few days was one without end. Hunter and hunted switched places many times, the conflict locked in stalemate...\nAs the shadow of death loomed large, the gods looked upon the extraordinary girl with favor.\nWith the bright, crystalline object falling into Shenhe's hands, the balance tipped irrevocably in her favor and the victor was decided.\nThe vivid icy light pierced through the dark like skyglow, showing the path to the future.\nIn the past, it had guided Shenhe from her miserable fate. In the future, it would also lead her back to the mortal realm.\n~~shenhe ends here~~\nShikanoin Heizou:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nShikanoin Heizou is an extraordinary young detective.\nThough working at the Tenryou Commission, he is at odds with the usual impression of a public servant, who is expected to be "stern," "solemn"... and "solemn" again.\nOn the outside, he appears more well-behaved and polite than any other new hires, but on the inside, he is actually thumbing his nose at all the official mumbo jumbo.\nUnlike his colleagues, he does not go to the Station to report for duty on a daily basis and rarely shows up for any routine patrols.\nIt can seem like ages since you last saw him, and you may finally chance upon him at some crime scene. Yet, judging by that ever-present grin, you can hardly tell if he is actually there working.\nFunnily enough, all his "unorthodox behaviors as a public servant" are somewhat acquiesced to.\nHis colleagues are more than willing to work with him and his boss seldom criticizes him for being this unfettered.\nEven his boss's boss inquires after him every now and then.\nAll this can be safely chalked up to his unrivaled prowess as a detective.\nWhenever the Tenryou Commission is tackling an unusually complicated case, be it a major one or a mysterious one, everyone regards Heizou as their last hope to crack the code.\nEven the head of the Police Station marvels at his extensive experience in solving cases, but Heizou himself has a different opinion about that.\n"Experience is another name for people's past mistakes, and that's not my trump card."\n"My trump card is something I was born with."\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nJoining the Tenryou Commission is no easy task. Not only do you have to pass the ability test, but also a thorough background check.\nTherefore, candidates are usually required to declare some essential information, such as any valuable property.\nAccording to Yoriki Owada, who was in charge of the check at the time, when Heizou applied, he handed in nothing but a blank declaration form.\nIt was a bright and sunny morning. Sitting opposite Owada, Heizou was curiously exploring the place with his eyes. Owada, who had been around the block by then, spent a moment deciphering the blank form, then looked up and insinuated,\n"I've met many brilliant young people. However, it's a shame that none of them made it to the Station in the end."\nHearing this, all of a sudden, that seemingly hyperactive young man stopped looking around, sat up straight, and looked Owada in the eye.\n"Right. How about a young person like me?"\nHis switching happened so fast that Yoriki Owada was suddenly stunned, feeling like prey in the sights of some hawk-eyed predator.\nOut of nowhere, a strange sensation came over him, as if at that moment, he was the one being scrutinized.\nHe said jokingly then, as though it would steady his nerves,\n"The Tenryou Commission does not discriminate against the poor. But if you have literally nothing to declare, then we'll make sure we pay extra attention to your background."\nIt was followed by an unexpected silence. The one sitting opposite looked straight at him without saying a word, just as before.\nOwada wasn't feeling his best, his forehead slightly twitching. Maybe it was too hot. He made to wipe off the sweat with the back of his hand.\nHowever, there was no sweat on his forehead at all. Owada stared blankly at the dry back of his hand, not knowing if he should wipe again or put his hand down.\nThe young man burst out into laughter upon seeing this. His hearty laughter immediately relieved Owada from his overwhelmed state.\nHeizou just leaned on the table with his chin in one hand, pointing to his head with the other. He smiled at Owada and said,\n"Other than my genius, I have nothing to declare."\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nThe Tenryou Commission is in fact not where Heizou started his career as a detective.\nBefore all this happened, Heizou once owned an agency called "Bantan Sango & Heizou Detective Agency."\nIt was what was to become Bantan Sango Detective Agency in Inazuma City now, which was actually co-founded by Heizou and Sango in the beginning.\nThe story of the two started with them striking an instant chord with each other, only to end with them regretfully parting ways.\nAfter the breakdown of their partnership, Heizou's name, naturally, was taken down from the old business.\nAs for the reason behind it all, it can probably all be summed up as "they had different visions."\nSango believes that a detective's entire mission is to uncover the truth, which is something of utmost significance. Most detectives also hold this belief dear to their hearts.\nBut Heizou reckons there's more to it. That there might be something that's even more vital than the truth.\nYears of experience working as a detective have made him aware that when a new case comes to him, that means something unfortunate has already happened.\nNo matter how the criminals are punished for their evil conduct afterward, it cannot change the fact that someone has already been hurt.\nSimilarly, no matter how skilled a doctor is, they will never be able to treat a patient and pretend that nothing ever happened, telling them,\n"Look, all your wounds have healed, as if you were never wounded in the first place."\nThe truth is from then on, whenever the patient sees a doctor, sees an infirmary, or sees the scars left by the operation, they will be reminded every time of all the wounds that were once on their body, hurting them.\nDoctors are helpless to prevent violent actions from being executed somewhere. Detectives cannot stop new cases from emerging. But Heizou hopes to break this status quo once and for all.\n"If I can't nip evil in the bud, then I shall be its natural enemy."\n"The name of Shikanoin Heizou will be renowned throughout the world and intimidate anyone with malicious intent all across Teyvat."\n"They will realize one thing. Once they submit to the darkness, I will hunt them down to the ends of the earth."\nIt was at that point that he made his decision to leave the agency and join the Tenryou Commission.\nIt was the starting point for him to become the "detective" he seeks to be.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\n"I've read in the novels that every great detective has an assistant, just like every katsudon has a pork cutlet."\nAt the Police Station, the new recruit Uesugi approached Heizou with a big smile on his face.\n"So, Heizou, what do you think? Can I be your assistant? I'm very clever."\nHeizou eyed this chirpy young man up with a grin, then rubbed his chin and replied,\n"My intuition tells me that you are not that clever."\n"Huh? May... maybe your intuition is wrong."\nThe sentence Uesugi just uttered seemed to have some magic to it as if it were a closing joke made at the end of a comedy. On hearing that, his nearby senior colleagues all laughed like a supportive audience.\nThe clever Uesugi immediately realized that he had said something inappropriate, so he tried to patch his statement up.\n"What I meant is... we can't just rely solely on intuition in our line of work!"\nUnexpectedly, everyone laughed even harder this time. Uesugi, not comprehending what had happened, thought to himself that maybe he should really consider being a comedian.\nAt that moment, Heizou brushed his shoulder as if to remove the awkwardness along with the dust.\n"I was just joking. Actually, my intuition tells me that you, Uesugi, are going to be an excellent Doushin."\n"And so, I suggest that you find your own assistant should you have the time."\nNo sooner had Heizou finished his sentence than he had run away like the wind, leaving a still-baffled Uesugi and his guffawing colleagues behind.\n...\n"You've still got a long way to go before you can be Doushin Shikanoin's assistant."\n"I was just trying to help since I noticed that he has no assistant..."\n"Of course he does. He mentioned his assistant many times."\n"What?! Has he?"\n"Didn't you hear him say 'my intuition tells me' multiple times?"\n"Huh?! Are you saying... that his assistant is... his intuition?!"\n"Exactly! That guy can solve cases merely with his intuition. Isn't that wild?"\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nWhen it comes to performance, Heizou should've been promoted many a time, considering all his achievements.\nHowever, in reality, Heizou has been a Doushin ever since he joined the Tenryou Commission.\nOn the other hand, many among his colleagues and superiors have risen through the ranks as a by-product of his achievements.\nAfter Heizou's cousin, Kano Nana, heard about it, she came to Heizou and determined to stand up for him.\n"You may be a brat, but this unfair treatment you've suffered is way worse."\n"I'm going to give those goons a piece of my mind!"\nHeizou knew his cousin very well, so to save her from any trouble, Heizou patiently explained the reasons behind this situation — a rare thing for him.\n"Cuz, don't consider me lesser than them."\n"Wanna take a guess at how many inmates at the Police Station Jail can name the Yoriki?"\nHeizou spread his fingers of one hand, palm facing her. "This number at most."\nHaving no idea what he was getting at, Kano Nana replied hesitantly, "Five?"\n"What about the ones who can name this genius detective right in front of you?"\nHeizou spread his fingers of the other hand, this time palm facing himself, "This many at least."\n"Five again? What's the difference?"\nHeizou laughed, "Cuz, I'm talking about the number of hairs on my hands!"\n"Just like we have no hair on our palms, none of the inmates can name all the Yoriki."\n"But the inmates who can name me are as many as the hairs on the back of my hand!"\n"Now that my influence has far exceeded that of those Yoriki, what's in it for me to get promoted?"\n"On the contrary, staying close to the front line means that more criminals will be intimidated by the name of Shikanoin Heizou — that's my ultimate goal."\n"So don't worry about me, cuz. I have never strayed, and I will never stray from my path!"\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nJust as Heizou claims, the most well-known name at the Police Station Jail is not that of any Yoriki, or even that of the General of the Tenryou Commission... But is instead the name of Doushin Shikanoin Heizou.\nHere, at least, even the name of the Raiden Shogun herself might be lesser in stature compared to his.\nAfter all, none of these criminals, great or small, have ever been personally nabbed by the Shogun, but a great many of them are surely here on Heizou's account.\nThis is how things panned out:\nIt started with some arrogant crooks boasting while temporarily out from behind bars of how elite their criminal skills were and how they had sent government officials off on wild goose chases, seeking to gain the admiration of their fellows.\nBut when asked why they were caught in spite of their great skills, they would often blame, through clenched teeth, the matter on "that detective."\n"Not that I didn't try, mind you, but he's just too cunning!"\nThus did the detective's name spread throughout the prison.\nEven later on, the situation would again change when the criminals discovered that the detective who caught them was someone named "Shikanoin Heizou."\nIt was one thing if a single detective could catch some skilled crooks. Perhaps he was just a good detective.\nBut if countless high-level criminals were seized by this one man, then surely he could not be an ordinary person.\nIn that moment, everyone present imagined something similar.\nA trickster god in the guise of humanity, scheming and cunning beyond compare, seeing into the hearts of mortals with contemptuous ease.\nWhy, a change of sides would see such a fellow become the greatest criminal in history!\nThose who were unwilling to take part in further affray spoke no more, while even the most hardened and wicked amongst them secretly thought:\n"It might be best not to take him on, or to speak more ill about him than we should."\nEven the fiercest criminal lords no longer use his name even when they wish to boast, instead using the pseudonym "Cyclone."\nWhen the Doushin on guard duty heard this new title, they would ask what it meant.\nAnd some petty criminals would reply, "A calamity! A plague upon all us crooks!"\nMartial Arts Tournament Champion's Medal:\n\nThe way Heizou sees it, detectives are to destroy their opponents' defenses using their intelligence.\nUsing force to subdue criminals is, inevitably, the inferior way of doing things, and so Heizou does his best to avoid this in his daily work.\nAs such, his reputation at the Police Station was, for the longest time, one of a brainy but dainty character.\nThus, everyone was all too sure that he would be in for a tough time at the internal martial arts contest held by the Station.\nThis would be a no-holds-barred contest: neither limitations on schools nor restrictions of weapons would hold any sway here. The only rule was that the one to knock their opponent from a fifty-pace ring would triumph.\nTo everyone's shock, however, the "brainy" Heizou would show up to this contest without using Vision, and he carried no weapon but his two bare fists, which in turn carried him to the final.\nDuring that match, Kujou Sara, who had arrived upon hearing rumors of his prowess, assessed that the match was over even before it began.\n"Doushin Shikanoin moves lightly and his fists are the match of any weapon. It would be hard to match him in melee — and only a skilled bowman would triumph."\nAs she predicted, Heizou's opponent would concede defeat after taking seventeen punches to the left side, with only a streak of Heizou's hair sliced off to show for it.\nBut just as he was about to be crowned champion, Kujou Sara herself walked into the ring and picked up a training bow, requesting a match with Heizou.\nThere was a brief uproar. Most of the people participating in the tournament were rather junior Doushin, and no one had expected that General Kujou herself would attend.\nHeizou narrowed his eyes. He had originally only come to test his skills, such that he might not be found wanting in the extreme situations where his wits alone would not be sufficient.\nBut at this moment, his blood was up and the spirit of competition had descended on him like it often does on youths, and so he gladly accepted. In a flash, the atmosphere heated up and everyone was flushed with excitement.\n"Great going, Heizou!" Doushin Uesugi yelled from the stands, Yoriki Owada quietly pumping a fist from beside him.\nAfter a moment's preparation, both parties entered the ring. The rules were slightly different this time: neither of them would use their Visions. This would only be a contest at fifty paces between Sara's arrow and Heizou's fists. Whoever touched the other first with their weapon would be declared the victor.\nThe atmosphere by now was practically bursting at the seams. The battle was about to begin. Yet few realized that in a battle between experts, each move was peril itself, and that the match would be ended in a single shot.\nSara let fly, and fifty paces away, Heizou was seen with his right hand clenched in front of his chest, tightly gripping an arrow that quivered but two finger-widths from his heart like a striking serpent.\n"It's my loss. What a frighteningly fast shot," Heizou said with a laugh, before throwing the arrow aside. "There was no time to evade, General, so I was forced to touch your weapon."\n"I won by dint of the rules alone. I have met very few who could catch one of my arrows barehanded. I doubt the result would be so certain, were this a real battle."\nSara's eyes glimmered as she spoke such praise.\n"Doushin Shikanoin, you are skilled in both mind and hand. You will do great things, should you be more disciplined."\n...\nHalf a month later, a champion's medal specially made by the Tenryou Commission arrived at the Grand Narukami Shrine, along with a handwritten note.\n"Here's a little something, cuz, for you to give to my old man when you've got the time. Y'know, just to let him know that I haven't completely made a mess of his teachings and all."\nVision:\n\nHeizou mentions his childhood very little, for it was not a happy one.\nHe was born in a remote village where his ancestry was rather prominent and his father was a martial artist of some small repute.\nBut just like every other rebellious child in the world, he only wished to escape having to take up his father's work, even as he was forced to learn martial arts alongside him.\nThis state of affairs would persist until Heizou made a friend who claimed to be from a wealthy merchant family at a festival.\nThis friend was a bright and agile mind, and would often bring all manner of new gadgets for Heizou to play with, saying that they were from his family's storehouse.\nBooks from Sumeru, mysterious toys from Fontaine of all sorts... These toys injected significant vibrance into Heizou's otherwise monotonous life.\nThe friends grew closer as they grew older, but Heizou also began to notice a problem.\nHis friend's clothes were always filthy, hardly the sort of image a rich merchant's son should have.\nHe thus decided to have an honest talk with his friend. They would have a conversation like proper adults.\nUnexpectedly, his friend immediately admitted to having deceived him, and even confessed that all the gifts he had given Heizou were stolen from the local merchant's guild.\nHe even went so far as to relate that he had originally met Heizou at the festival with the intention to steal some valuables from the latter, only for them to have become friends instead.\nHe laughed as he confessed these matters, as if this was some interesting tale.\nHeizou was furious, though he knew not what he was angry at: was he angry at having been deceived by his best friend? Or was it because his best friend was a criminal?\nRegardless, he reprimanded his friend harshly: "We're not friends anymore!"\nFuming, he returned home, sought out each and every item he had been given, and threw them all out, till nothing but a single green pebble remained.\nThis was one of a pair of "treasures" the two of them had fished out from a small stream, and each of them had taken one. This item alone was not tainted by theft, and was perhaps purer even than their friendship.\nGazing upon it, Heizou hardened his heart and threw it out the window... only for it to strike the window lattice and come flying back, rolling under his bed.\nNow irate, and seeing how even the heavens were conspiring against him in this endeavor, Heizou, in a fit of growing pique, dumped himself on the ground like a frog with a punctured belly, refusing to move.\nLooking at the ceiling despondently, he told himself that he would one day put these ill things out of his mind. Yet the world is such that the more we wish to forget things, the more they shall refuse to be forgotten.\nA year later, when the festival where he and his friend first met rolled back around, Heizou happened to rediscover the pebble, and had it on him as he traveled to attend the festival.\nHe knew not what he was expecting, but fate already had an answer on hand... though it was not the one Heizou expected.\nHeizou would meet his friend again that day, collapsed by the roadside in a pool of his own blood amidst the screams of the crowd.\nJust a moment earlier, his friend had gotten into an altercation with a ruffian who had angled to steal his Mora purse, and who then in a panic had plunged a dagger into his heart.\nHeizou dashed over to check on his old friend, the pebble in his hand falling by the wayside. Catching sight of it, his friend's dull eyes lit up just a little.\n"Come here to see me, did you... Heizou?"\nHeizou tried to keep pressure over his good friend's chest, but the blood kept seeping through his fingers, and he was again filled with fury, even more so than the year prior.\n"Just shut up! Shut up!" He yelled at his friend.\nHis friend shook his head, and with great effort opened his purse. There was not a single Mora inside — nothing but the green pebble that had belonged to him.\nSqueezing the last ounce of his strength out, he held the pebble out to Heizou with a smile broader than when they had parted.\n"I... I came to see you, too..."\n...\nHeizou did not recall how he had returned home. His mind was blank, filled with nothing but rage and disgust.\nBut in that moment, his intuition told him that he felt rage and disgust at a certain thing, and that he and it had always been foes.\nThis thing had mixed deception into friendship, and it had caused life to be cut short before its time. "Sin." That was its name.\nBut it was not his friend's sin of deception or theft, nor was it the murder that the thief committed. It was something more abstract, something of a higher order.\nIt was the culmination of all the sins in this world, hovering over all like a titanic shadow covering the skies, fixing its cold and unfeeling gaze on all that was good in this world, and seeking ways to snuff it out.\nOne morning, one month later, Heizou sneaked out of doors to travel afar, leaving a farewell note behind. He had found his enemy, and he would now embark on a journey to make war against it.\nAccompanying him on this journey was a green stone, but it was not the pebble that symbolized friendship, but instead a Vision that stood for his resolve.\n~~Shikanoin Heizou ends here~~\nSigewinne:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nWithin the huge undersea facilities of the Fortress of Meropide, Sigewinne's infirmary is one of the few places open to all people at all times.\nA guard might have a terrible bout of illness while out on patrol at night, and have to be helped over to the infirmary by his colleagues, only to find that a hot drink and a clean bed had already been prepared, awaiting his arrival. Or an exhausted inmate might collapse from overexertion at their lunch desk, then awake to find their meal by their bedside, snug within an insulated container...\nAs they made these discoveries, Sigewinne's smile would also come into view, swiftly relieving both fright and fatigue, helping them to calm down and accept treatment and care.\nAll are in awe of her dedication, yet are also puzzled by the warmness of her heart.\nTo be consigned to the Fortress is a punishment in and of itself, and even the most youthful and energetic of guards must take a day off after consecutive days of work. Yet Sigewinne has taken precious few of these throughout Wriothesley's entire tenure as administrator. The lights in the infirmary are always on, and it seems that they'll never be put out... The motivation behind such enthusiasm may as well be an enigma to guard and inmate alike.\n"Could it be that she is an emissary sent from the heavens to watch over us?"\nWhat began as a single inmate mumbling away to themselves after seeing the wings on Sigewinne's back was swiftly taken up others, until before long the vast majority were behind it. In this world without light beneath the waves, she had become their "sun," bringing a radiant warmth to their dark, damp prison.\nTo repay this "angel" for her care, the guards have an "unwritten rule" beyond the many administrative systems already present — any who are rude to Sigewinne are punished extra harshly. The inmates, for their part, also have an unspoken agreement that any particularly wild and violent newcomers must receive a "warning" upon being admitted. After all, they had to be made aware that the community would brook no affront to their angel, didn't they?\nSigewinne herself is blissfully unaware of all these customs that have cropped up around her, and simply serves her patients as she always has. However, there will always be some curious person who will ask:\n"Head Nurse, why do you stay here to take care of us? Don't you get tired or, y'know, annoyed?"\nWhenever this happens, Sigewinne's brows tend to furrow (a rare sight indeed), as though the question was absurd.\n"Hmm... Have you ever had a pet cat? You take care of them, and watch them be cute in their various ways... That's something that makes you happy in and of itself, isn't it? Why would anyone ever get tired of something like that?"\nMost who ask cannot quite believe their ears when they receive such an answer, and those they tell are even less convinced.\n"Nonsense, if ever I've heard it! I'd sooner believe that angels exist!"\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nIn the days just following Sigewinne's appointment to the post of Head Nurse, the Fortress saw many instances of inmates overworking themselves.\nEven without being ordered to do so, many would persist in working when rest times rolled around. Perhaps they were simply looking for a faster way to get their hands on temporary luxuries to lavish upon themselves, or place another bet in the next boxing match — either way, the Credit Coupons caused many an inmate to sacrifice their health in pursuit of their desires.\nSeeing all this confused Sigewinne, yet she was unable to do anything about it. The way she saw it, "exhaustion" was an "illness" that humans actively sought to afflict themselves with.\n"But since it is an illness, I could come up with a cure, couldn't I?"\nSo thinking, she began sourcing for ingredients, eventually coming up with a type of medicine that was to her satisfaction. Both packed full of nutrition and delicious, in her eyes it was a sure-fire winner.\nYet when she first tried to use it, the inmate she was treating blanched in terror at the sight and refused to take it.\nBewildered by this reaction, Sigewinne sought help from many sources, eventually receiving her answer from the inmate who served as head chef.\n"Sounds like a piece of cake to me! We chefs can turn anything into a gourmet dish, even the ugliest-looking roots and rhizomes around."\nThough she found herself disagreeing with his definition of "ugly," Sigewinne was grateful for the head chef's help, and so she showed him the ingredients she had prepared.\nThere was a long silence as the head chef looked over the items before him.\n"Head Nurse, I will do my best. Oh, and if you don't mind, next time you send me the ingredients... Don't let anyone see them, alright?\nSigewinne did not understand why he was so worried, but seeing his earnest gaze, she agreed. Afterwards, she was to give this medicine the official name of "Nutritious Meal," and thus did it become one of the secret menu items at the canteen — one that would inevitably show up on an inmate's tray the day after they overworked themselves.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nAfter Sigewinne became Head Nurse, the fact that she looked like a human yet was actually a Melusine became an open secret, and the news spread even beyond the Fortress's walls.\nSome guessed that she might be a descendant of mixed human and Melusine blood, but any who discussed this possibility would receive a stern warning from the Marechaussee Phantom. Even Iudex Neuvillette would personally come out against such rumors, "with the intent to quash such inappropriate, discourteous canards."\nSome guessed that she might be wearing a special mask and gloves, postulating that this made it easier for her to blend in with humanity. But most quickly refuted this belief, for the time when humans had ostracized Melusines was now far behind them, and there was no need for Sigewinne to live in this way.\nNewspapers quickly seized upon the selling power of this public curiosity, and many reporters were dispatched to the Fortress to interview her.\n"Forgive me for asking, but might we know how you came to look the way you do?"\nThe reporters tactful approaches belied their urgency. Sigewinne, after giving the question some serious thought, began to tell a story woven from distant memories—\nIn the times when humans and Melusines did not yet trust one another, only one little girl was willing to make friends with a Melusine. Later, when she fell seriously ill, Sigewinne was the only doctor who was able to make it on time. But because she was a Melusine — and only because of that — the girl's parents did not allow Sigewinne to enter.\nTo save her friend, Sigewinne looked for a frightening witch and begged her to help. Having ascertained Sigewinne's resolve, the witch gave her a bottled potion of brewed sin. After using it, Sigewinne gained a human countenance, hands, and feet, and by so doing managed to save her friend.\nHaving listened to this story, the reporters glanced at each other.\n"Head Nurse, this is a fairy tale, isn't it?"\n"It's true, you know."\nThey looked into the Melusine's eyes, then back at each other. Each of them was among the elite of their profession, and they all believed that they could see through an interviewee's lie with ease, yet there was no trace of falsehood in Sigewinne's expression.\nAnd so it was that they returned in vain, and perhaps there was consensus that the public would not be convinced by the story, for Sigewinne's answer was never published.\nAfterward, those around her came to believe that this was a matter she had no wish to discuss, and thus they privately agreed that no one was to ask her again. Perhaps only Sigewinne herself knows that she had hidden nothing, though she might not have understood the full truth at the time.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nEver since entering the Fortress, Sigewinne has maintained a correspondence with Neuvillette via letters.\nShe responds earnestly to every letter he sends, and out of concern for the possible boredom that he might have to endure in the Palais Mermonia, she sometimes even includes anecdotes about some interesting things that have happened at the Fortress.\n"Dear Monsieur Neuvillette, I am doing very well right now. I received the medical items in a shipment a while back — thank you very much for selecting them and arranging for their arrival."\n"Something quite interesting happened recently. A newly arrived youngster brought down an old bully who's been throwing his weight around for a long time now. He was injured in the process, though. He is very young indeed, but he's tougher than any adult I've met so far. He even refused anesthetics when I was stitching his wound, saying that he wanted to keep his head clear...\nNeuvillette's reply that time came a good while earlier than usual. He seemed to have recognized the young man Sigewinne had mentioned, and requested that she took close care of him. Although he wrote in the same officialese as usual, Sigewinne could sense that he was following this young man with interest.\nAs such, matters concerning this young man would become a common feature of her letters to Neuvillette.\n"Dear Monsieur Neuvillette, he has injured himself in a fight again, and refused anesthetics as always... I snuck some into his tea anyway, stitching him up after he fell asleep. He never cries out when I treat him, but I know how painful it must be for him."\n"Dear Monsieur Neuvillette, he still refuses to drink the milkshakes I make for him, even though they'd do him a lot of good..."\n"Dear Monsieur Neuvillette, he has grown quite a bit. Perhaps he might even be a little taller than you are now..."\n"Dear Monsieur Neuvillette, the medical supplies that I reported as missing in my previous letter have now been found, thanks to him. It seems that there are no longer any secrets that may be kept from him down here..."\n"Dear Mr. Neuvillette, based on your previous instructions, I am to address him as 'Your Grace' now, yes?"\n...\nMany years later, after the young man named Wriothesley had become the new administrator of the Fortress, through some coincidence he discovered Sigewinne and Neuvillette's status as pen pals.\n"Just as I thought. Our dear Iudex placed a spy by my side."\n"Why do you say that? I only mentioned you in my letters because Monsieur Neuvillette was concerned about you."\nWriothesley did not agree with this, but he did not refute it directly, instead choosing to talk about a certain encounter from before he went to prison. At that time, wracked with hunger, he had been flipping through a discarded newspaper, searching for some opportunity to make Mora. However, the one he had met was not the "concerned" Monsieur Neuvillette, but rather a warm-hearted Melusine officer. It was only thanks to the food she gave him that he managed to make it through at all.\n"The Iudex does not... Or to be precise, he cannot show concern for anyone. This is one of the restrictions he must accept as the Iudex. Even his subordinates are freer than he is to show concern for others.\n"Nonetheless, do continue writing to him about anything you like. I suppose that is one of the restrictions I must accept."\nSigewinne, too, did not attempt to refute Wriothesley's view, even as he left — for she had never imagined that he, despite everything he knew, would come to such an incorrect conclusion. Long ago, when the Melusines had just come up to the surface world, many of them would present gifts to humanity as gestures of goodwill. Yet this was exploited by evil folk, bringing danger upon many Melusines. Thus it was that Neuvillette gathered them all, strictly prohibiting such behavior. If it were not for Neuvillette's express instructions, that Melusine officer would never have given Wriothesley any food herself.\nAfter much deliberation, Sigewinne decided to pen a new letter.\n"Dear Monsieur Neuvillette, I have finally found a secret that even he does not know..."\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nAs far as Melusines are concerned, humans aging, falling ill, and dying is as natural as the sunrise and sunset.\nThis is the first thing all Melusines understand in their attempts to understand humans, for it is the biggest difference between them. Many Melusines' understanding of humanity also stops here, for what they faced when they came onto land was human wariness and rejection; so they returned to the waters, giving up on further investigation into the transient lot that is humanity's.\nUnlike these Melusines, Sigewinne's curiosity bid her stay, and also alerted her to the magic of the science of "medicine." It was said that this magic was quite marvelous, even able to change the natural law known as death by age and ailment.\nSigewinne wished to master this magic, believing that it might help bridge the chasm between Melusines and humans, allowing the former to blend in with the latter. Unfortunately, in the days when Melusines had first entered society, none among the humans understood her thought process, and even less so were they willing to impart medical skills onto her.\nThis persisted until a traveling doctor who the children called "the witch" encountered the Melusine, and heard her out.\n"Seriously? What do you think medicine is? How childish."\nSigewinne was expecting to be rejected even as she silently bore the criticism, only for the "witch" to scare off a few children who were looking to ridicule the Melusine, before waving for her to follow.\n"Might as well come with me, then. I'll show you what the real answer is."\nThus did Sigewinne come to own her very own medical kit, learning medicine at the feet of this "witch." The latter was an excellent doctor and a dutiful teacher alike. There was almost no illness that she could not cure, no technique she could not teach.\nAs their travels gradually took them all across Fontaine, Sigewinne had already learned how to prepare various medicines as well as scare off children with ghost stories, and she would also call this "witch" her "Teacher."\nOne day, this traveling doctor of a "witch" would stop her wandering feet, and with a serious expression that seemed somewhat out of character, called Sigewinne over to assist her.\n"What shall we use to cure this person, Teacher?"\n"There is no cure. Just give them some painkillers."\nThis was the first time Sigewinne had ever heard her teacher make such a pronouncement. Though shocked, she prepared the relevant substance nonetheless. Then, she watched as the suffering patient calmed down, said their farewells to their family members, before passing on peacefully.\nIn the night, the two of them would continue their journey.\n"I didn't know there were illnesses you could not cure, Teacher. Are there more of them?"\n"Oh, lots. No matter how advanced medicine becomes, there will always be incurable illnesses."\n"Then why does medicine exist?"\n"All humans will die. In which case, why do humans exist?" replied the "witch."\nHearing her Teacher's response, Sigewinne teetered on the edge of understanding. She thought back to the farewells they had seen earlier, rifling through her memories for an answer.\n"For their smiles? Their tears?"\nHer teacher, ever serious, suddenly gave her a rare, gentle smile.\n"Let's leave it at that for now. Once you've figured it out, not only will you understand medicine, but humanity as well."\nCharacter Story 5:\n\n"Fontainians were originally Oceanids, and their bodies will dissolve in Primordial Seawater."\nThat great flood washed away the sins of all Fontainians and revealed the shocking truth at the same time. Of this matter, Sigewinne had a far greater understanding than most. After settling the inmates injured in the flood, she returned to the Fortress ahead of time and took out that letter, sealed securely in a bottle as it had been for hundreds of years.\n"I assume that if you're opening this letter, you've understood all those things I had doubts about, just as we agreed?"\n"No matter. I know I need not worry. You've always done as I said, trusting me unconditionally. As such, allow me to open with an apology. I lied to you, even at the end."\n"The strange illness I discovered manifests as the dissolution of the human body. All bodily tissues and structures will dissipate, leaving behind a liquid that appears as close to pure water as might seem possible. Even by using myself as an experimental subject and forcing myself into a fatal impasse, I could not find the answer to curing the disease in this liquid. All I gained was one meaningless discovery — that if you mixed this liquid with some specific ingredients, you will obtain a face-changing solution usable by Fontainians alone. With this solution, they can change their appearance into anything they desire."\n"I originally thought it useless... until you found me, and told me of your dilemma, of being unable to save your friend due to being a Melusine. It suddenly occurred to me that it might also have some effect on a Melusine constitution, and that this predicament I found myself at may yet have some purpose."\n"That is why I tricked you. The bottle on the table is not some sort of mysterious potion, but the final gift I can leave you after I have dissolved myself."\n"Just take it as a sort of medicine — after all, didn't I tell you that we had to be willing to resort to trickery to get children to drink theirs?"\nHaving finished reading the letter, Sigewinne returned to the place she had chosen to memorialize her teacher, now armed with the full truth.\nThere was no gravestone here, only an unremarkable water's edge. Sigewinne had never found her teacher's body, and so had set up a simple cenotaph for her. Hundreds of years later, the monument had in turn been swallowed up by the constantly rising waters.\nSigewinne did not begrudge her teacher that lie, for she could feel the "warmth" in it each time she touched her cheeks.\n"Thank you, Teacher."\nAnd she laid that letter upon the waters, and watched it drift far away.\nMelusine-Specialized Portable Integrated Medical Apparatus:\n\nIn the days before the main body of the Fontaine Research Institute had yet to float in the skies, the researchers would also accept some research projects that lay outside the scope of their usual investigations as a way to repay their benefactors.\nThese projects were largely dry, uninteresting, but tolerable sacrifices for the sake of courting sponsors. Still, some would be outright ridiculous, to the point that the researchers might consider having their funding cut to be preferable to actually carrying them out.\nOne day, one such task appeared, finding pride of place on their announcement boards.\n"Extra Urgent: Specialist Medical Device Development."\n"Requirements: 1. Portable, Small Size, Lightweight, to be carried with ease by a person with the build of a small child. 2. Needs to contain all needed medical implements for emergency calls (if present medical instruments cannot meet these requirements, a new complement of devices will need to be created separately.) 3. Contains a function with which to perform routine health checkups. 4. Must have a cute design."\nThose who had gathered around the board to read this began to scrunch up their brows as they did so, and finally, they could not contain their anger any longer.\n"What sort of request is this? Never mind the how strict the requirements are — they're self-contradictory, too!"\n"A cute design? What are we, toymakers?"\nBut the person who had put up the notice was unfazed by their infuriated response.\n"The commissioner is the Melusine head nurse at the Fortress of Meropide."\nAt this, the researchers — who just moments before had been the very picture of outrage — fell utterly silent, until finally someone shouted out:\n"We're bidding for this one — no preferential treatment for those on shift! Also, anyone who complained just now is automatically out of the running!"\nAfter just a single month, Sigewinne had received a most satisfactory product. From then on, this heart-shaped medical kit could be seen at her hip wherever she went, indeed becoming one of her calling cards.\nIf she had but one complaint, it would have to be its awful mouthful of a name — the "Melusine-Specialized Portable Integrated Medical Apparatus."\nVision:\n\nSigewinne is a most skilled medical practitioner indeed. Since entering the Fortress of Meropide, she has almost never encountered an illness she could not treat. And as the number she has saved has increased, so too has everyone's respect for her. As long as it's medical advice she gives, they will follow it to the letter.\nStill, there was one exception.\nThis was an inmate by the name of "Oldstone," whose real name no one knew. They knew only that he had been serving his sentence for many years already, coming to spend his twilight years beneath the waves on account of its sheer length. His body grew more and more frail, but he would always reject treatment from Sigewinne.\n"Don't bother me. No one can cure me."\nWith such words he would refuse her each time she tried to give him a checkup. Eventually, she was forced to make use of her connections with the prison administration, calling upon the aid of several guards to drag those old stony bones into the infirmary. Thus did the long-overdue physical examination begin, but the result was one of despair — the old fellow's condition had long since been terminal, and was not something that Sigewinne could treat, for all her skill.\n"See? I told you so!"\nOldstone crowed in triumph as he looked into her defeated eyes, only for his laughter to turn into a bout of intense choking and bloody coughing, until finally he lost consciousness.\nAfter this, the arrogant old fellow was rendered bedridden. And for the first time, Sigewinne found herself feeling trapped in that now so familiar infirmary, not knowing what to do aside from watch over Oldstone as his final days slipped away.\nStill, she noticed that he would constantly stare at a specific date on the calendar, some strange light stubbornly lingering in those long deadened eyes of his.\n"No matter how advanced medicine becomes, there will always be incurable illnesses."\n"Then why does medicine exist?"\nSigewinne remembered the question she once asked her teacher, and suddenly realized that she might now pen the final annotation of her answer. So she came to Oldstone's bedside, and once again extended an invitation to him.\n"My Teacher once told me that a doctor's greatest duty is not to cure all diseases, but to cure the ones they can. So let me help you."\n"You're saying there's something wrong with me that you can treat?"\n"That's right. It's your inability to last till that day comes."\nHe stared back at her in shock, but was ultimately won over by the resolve in her eyes.\nIn the following ten or so days, despite his unwillingness, he drank every last concoction she gave him. His condition did not improve, and indeed his bloody coughing only increased in intensity and volume, but by some miracle he made it past the date of the death sentence his disease had passed upon him — made it to that day on the calendar.\nOn that day, a mother and her son showed up in the infirmary. The son had been plying his trade as a merchant in Liyue, and this was the earliest he could hurry back to Fontaine. He first upbraided Oldstone for his failures as a father, then, upon receiving the old man's earnest apology, soaked the sickbed's sheets with his tears, before finally sending Oldstone off with a smile when that final moment came.\n...\nAfter Oldstone's funeral, Sigewinne received a box of thank-you gifts from that mother and son. Just as she was about to pass them on to her patients, her eyes came upon something shiny.\nAnd what was it but a brand new Vision, as if the gods themselves had seen all her deeds, and sent her a gift of their own as well.\nStill, she did not display too much joy or surprise, instead taking this as just another annotation for her answer.\nHow she wished her Teacher were here in this moment! That way, she could submit her answer at last:\n"For the smiles and tears on their faces!"\n~~sigewinne ends here~~\nSkirk:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nHer existence is like an unproven rumor...\nSometimes, past the stroke of midnight, a taverngoer will swear he had glimpsed her, waving hands painting a story of a person that nobody could be sure ever was.\nFor a very long time, Skirk has journeyed through Teyvat like a shadow, avoiding anything more than brief contact with others, only gathering intel when absolutely necessary.\nIt wasn't until very recently that there came to be one who could claim to know her...\n"Oh, my master? Haha, she's the type to keep to herself."\n"And, let's see... She's an alright cook. Could've been the creatures in that space tasting a little off in general, of course."\n"We initially agreed to swing by my place after leaving. I wanted to let her try my family's homemade sausages this year. It's a real shame she couldn't make it..."\n"But enough of that. After all, what matters most about my master is her strength... and the sheer arrogance she has to go with it!"\n"Hmm? Oh, no, I know what I said. I'm not being ironic, and I mean no insult."\n"As I, Tartaglia, grow stronger every day, I get the chance to know my master's strength anew with each and every sunrise."\n"When we first started my training, she only needed one hand to beat me. That was undoubtedly her arrogance shining through. But when facing a weak opponent, I believe that arrogance is an aesthetic unto itself."\n"To crush them outright would be unbecoming, yet to feign humility, only to turn the tables later on? That, dear comrade, would be far too deliberate."\nIn the present day, this "review" of Skirk reached her ears while she was drinking in a tavern. She furrowed her brow.\n"As I've said before, I still communicate normally with those who possess some measure of skill. And the food in the Abyssal rift only tasted off to him because he's an ordinary human."\n"And about training — I don't really care how many hands I use, but I do care how many he'll have left when I'm done teaching."\n"He still needs to live in Teyvat, so he can't just make new limbs for himself with Abyssal energy like I can."\n"Arrogance and carelessness are both dangerous things. It's good that he wants to improve, rather than to show off."\n"Otherwise, I'd start worrying about finding his corpse in some strange nook or cranny."\nCharacter Story 1:\n\n"Let's go. She's not going to make it."\n"But, our orders were to..."\nThe young child held on to her broken, bloody arm, and watched the two figures before her through blurry eyes.\nIn the end, the one who seemed to be in charge bade the other to stop talking. They turned around, then vanished into the distance.\nNot long ago, her people had learned that the universe held more civilizations than they ever imagined. In the past, the chance to interact with those beyond their world had been limited to a wizened, scholarly few.\nJust a few months ago, the leaders had announced that trade relations were amicable. So why...?\nBeams cracked and splintered under tongues of flame. In the infernal maw the little girl lay, suffocated by smoke, heat, and blood loss.\nAs the debris and charred wood that buried her were dug away, she heard a sound... Something squeaking.\nHer eyelids had been crusted shut with dried blood. But even so blinded, she could sense the light's intrusion.\nAnd she could hear footsteps crunching on scorched terrain, each footfall shattering the broken bricks beneath it.\nThe newcomer easily freed the little girl from the wreckage restraining her. Then, placing one massive hand on her shoulder, they yanked her out.\nThe pain of being pulled so suddenly made her think that all her limbs had been torn off at once. She cried — and as tears forced their way through her eyelids, they washed away the coagulated blood.\nShe was surprised to find that she was still hydrated enough to cry.\nBut the feeling lasted barely a moment. The next thing she knew, the agony sent her spiraling into unconsciousness.\nShe was surprised to wake up again. She had not thought she would be granted the mercy of opening her eyes a second time. Though her vision still swam, she could make out a bonfire, and the tall man who sat before it cross-legged. Off to the side, a hulking rat-like beast cowered in the shadows, inky eyes mirroring the fire's wild flicker.\n"Awake, then? Don't waste your breath on asking questions unrelated to your survival."\nThe man did not so much as glance her way. He continued to tend the bonfire with his blade.\n"So. Do you want to die, or do you want to live?"\nShe wanted to ask him why she was still alive at all. She wanted to ask who he was. But he had warned her not to waste her breath.\nSo the girl simply turned her gaze to the starry sky and nodded.\nHaving received her answer, the man plucked his sword from the embers, and slew the rat-like beast in one swing. He cut the meat from its legs, skewered the chunks using his weapon, and cooked them over the open fire. At last, he stood up — something he seldom did — and shoved the meat between her teeth. Bland as it was, the oiliness of the fat was more than a feast for the starving girl.\nAt the very least, he didn't ask her to feed herself. It seemed he understood that her limbs were ruined beyond repair.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nOnce the girl's wounds had stabilized, the man allowed her to ask some trivial questions.\n"Are you also one of the survivors?"\n"I am not."\n"Then why can I understand you?"\n"There is only one state of chaos, and only one definition of the void. Order, by contrast, can be assembled a thousand different ways."\n"The people of your planet once relied on their great adaptability to make contact with the Abyss, and even after death, the lingering power they carried retains some... trace records of this. That power is similar in essence to my own."\n"So I wove together the dying echoes of countless souls, and spent quite some time learning from them — half a day or so, I believe."\n"Just to learn our language? Then, my father and mother..."\n"Are dead. Devoured as meager meat for strength — gulped down like scraps."\nThe man answered the second question, then continued:\n"At first, I believed those people went through the trouble of eradicating all life on this planet because there was something worth destroying. Some incredible technology with which the Abyss might be wielded, perhaps."\n"But I was mistaken. Your methods are crude, your technologies primitive. One might think your civilization lacked even one individual who possessed any ambition — or strength — in all its history."\n"You...!"\n"Are you not the same? Did you not eat the flesh of the creature that dug you out of the ruins?"\n"Though, I should mention I brought it here from another planet, since all life on yours is extinct."\n"I doubt I will even find a single species adept at looking for things here."\nThe girl wanted to say something, but no words rose to her lips. Instead, she decided to ask something else.\n"Why am I still alive?"\n"Your civilization coexisted with the Abyss. Though none ever used it directly, each and every one of you was tainted in some way."\n"This strengthened your constitutions slightly. Had an ordinary human been in your place, they would have been suffocated, roasted, then crushed by the collapsing ceiling."\n"So you can use this power to get stronger?"\nThe man's eyes glinted in the firelight, a perceptible change within them. "Do you wish to become stronger?"\nThe girl nodded.\n"Even if it costs you everything? Even if you are judged and damned for using foul means to emerge victorious... Do you still wish to become stronger?"\nThe girl answered, her words blown away by the winds sweeping that desolate planet.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nShe was now called Skirk.\nHer severed tendons and shattered bones were restored by the man known as "The Foul." But this was no cause for celebration.\nFor the man made her wield a blade every day and train until her limbs were ruined anew. It was as though he simply wanted her to feel pain.\nEvery day, after training, her broken body would be restored yet again.\nShe traveled across the universe with "The Foul," bearing witness to the trail of enemy graves he left in his wake.\nA weapon forged using the pooled resources of an entire star system. A god manifested by the unity of a whole civilization's beliefs. The mightiest warrior among billions...\nHe buried them all. And as Skirk grew from the strength to strength, a revelation came upon her: Nobody had ever forced her master to use the true extent of his power.\nIf it was a wicked beast, he ate its flesh. If it was a god or a machine, he absorbed its energy.\nIf it was a warrior or mage, he played with his food — forcing them to use every trick in their book, then cutting them down once he tired of the charade.\nTo her master, this was what it meant to "devour."\nSkirk's limbs were replaced with Abyssal phantasms. Never again would they hurt.\nHer pain receptors, having been overloaded and utterly numbed over the long years, would never again fire a signal.\nPain was simply a biological avoidance mechanism. So, Skirk knew what her body was telling her:\nShe was very strong. Few things could now pose a threat to her.\nThis gave her some confidence. One day, she decided to dredge up the question she'd been waiting to ask all this time:\n"Why did you save me back then?"\nCharacter Story 4:\n\n"It was a spontaneous impulse, nothing more."\nHer master, whose true name was Surtalogi, replied thusly.\n"I may be the greatest calamity in the whole universe at this moment. Do you believe that?"\n"There is no need to discuss my belief in the matter, Master. Those that once doubted are now but dust in the void."\n"Hmph. Strength is what I have always pursued — the kind that lets one tear through every lie and manipulation."\n"But... having come this far, I find myself struck by one worry..."\n"...That I might someday get bored."\nSkirk listened quietly. She couldn't fathom that the life of such a universe-shaking villain could be "boring."\n"After seeking the strongest warriors the universe has to offer, there may no longer be any further strength for me to seek."\n"How did that story go again? 'Distance is measured by the heart, and my heart is slightly larger than the universe.'"\n"Once the whole universe becomes my front lawn, all I shall see from then on will be two anthills waging pint-sized war... I shall be in my prime then — and at my most weary."\nOf course, Surtalogi was not one for reading stories. This quote only came to mind because, some time ago, he had come across a scrap drifting through the universe, one carrying the scent of his homeland.\nHe took one look at the title and preface before throwing it away. It just so happened that those introductory words contained the aforementioned passage.\n"So, the thought came to me of taking disciples, then waiting for them to mature before seeking them out for my amusement. You are the first of them."\n"And once you leave, I will see you as my student no longer."\n"I will strip you of everything: That which I gave you, that which you have claimed for yourself, even the unrelated miscellany around you... all will be reduced to ruin."\nSkirk knew none of this was some untruth meant to spur her on. Between her and Surtalogi, there was no deep master-student bond, no great care or far-reaching intent.\nEverything Surtalogi said, he meant at face value. One day, they would surely fight to the death.\nThere are many paths one can take in the world, but once you step on one, the alternatives wither away.\nFrom that day onward, it was like a blade had descended from nowhere and now hung above Skirk's head. Her destiny, her life... All of it now melded together and crystallized into a singular goal: "Getting stronger."\nCharacter Story 5:\n\n"Master, since you mentioned that your group once divided enough Abyssal power amongst yourselves to overturn an entire world — or at least a sixth of it..."\n"How is it that you are now many times stronger than an entire world, even when alone?"\n"Did I save an idiot back then?"\n"Listen well. When the fruit of a tree dies, its seeds are sown in the rotten soil. Naturally, these seeds may grow into stronger trees that bear harvests a hundred, or even a thousand times richer."\n"Even if only one or two survivors escape a doomed world, their will alone can become strong enough to reforge the very world they lost."\nWith their parting imminent, Skirk no longer bothered to feign reverence or obedience.\nFear only serves as a spur for the weak. But when you grow stronger, unconquered fear will become naught but a shackle.\nIn the end, she resolved to bid her master farewell. She headed back to Surtalogi's homeland, to the world known as "Teyvat."\nShe wanted to find that mother-tree. The tree that had borne corrupt fruit, whose tainted seed had grown into a truly formidable arbor.\nFrom that moment on, a great darkness had loomed over the whole forest — the shadow her master cast over the universe at large.\nAll across the sea of stars, other civilizations that saw her naturally regarded her as an ally of "The Foul."\nEvery community she encountered during her travels took her for a member of the "Cosmic Calamity," and kept their distance in wary defense.\n...Except for Teyvat, where the one who supervised its borders lowered her guard after talking to Skirk. Upon the establishment of an agreement, she granted the latter limited passage within the world.\n"You do not belong there. It is not your home."\nThe words of The Foul remained etched in her heart, never to fade away.\nBut what if a wish, flung at a shooting star as it passed in fire-fraught trails, could stitch even the faintest thread between it and the world?\nHer Answer:\n\n"Even if it costs you everything? Even if you are judged and damned for using foul means to emerge victorious... Do you still wish to become stronger?"\nWhat was Skirk's answer, back then? The one that had been blown away by the wind?\nPerhaps, even if the answer were a fleeting "Yes," it would have changed nothing of what came after.\nBut that had not been her reply.\nShe was just a little girl, her mind yet unburdened by craft or cunning. She longed only to thank — and to beg forgiveness from — the first life given to nourish her growth.\n"Maybe the big rat and I could have been best friends."\n...But I ate it.\nTo The Foul, this utterance gained a second meaning: "I have turned my back even on the one who saved me from the ruins. What remains, then, that I cannot discard?"\nNone can say how much of the exchange was colored by self-indulgence or misunderstanding, and how much of it was intentional.\nBut beyond this, there may have been some misunderstandings between the two that neither had expected.\n"Well then. Since I was the one who saved you that day, will you also kill me one day in pursuit of strength?"\nThe Foul was stirred to expectation by his own words, but in her despair, the little girl did not notice.\nThe Seven-Shifting Serpent:\n\nThe "Seven-Shifting Serpent" is a little trick that The Foul passed down to Skirk.\nIt was originally known as "Chaos Permeation," a minor spell developed by Khaenri'ah's Universitas Magistrorum, and it was made to mock Teyvat's wielders of elemental power. Users of this spell could use Abyssal energy to evoke effects similar to the Elements. The underlying principle was analogous to using the Abyss to permeate reality, creating specific forms of negative pressure to thereby call upon the flow of a corresponding Element's energy.\nTo Khaenri'ah, "Chaos Permeation" was a mere party trick employed in performances and parades.\nAs a warrior, The Foul knew nothing of this technique at first. But as his understanding of Abyssal power deepened, he came to master it almost instantly. While ordinary performers could spend months practicing the shifting of a single Element just to scrape by as street entertainers, The Foul was able to effortlessly cycle through all seven on his first attempt.\nHe passed this technique down to Skirk, but not so she could fall back on performances if she was strapped for Mora. After all, demonstrating mastery of Abyssal techniques across the seven surface nations was something only a glutton for punishment would do.\n"In my homeland, the Seven Elements represent the natural order of things. So if you wish to conceal your power for longer, disguise it using this trick."\n~~skirk ends here~~\nSucrose:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nSucrose may be the assistant of the genius alchemist Albedo, but they could not be more different in research direction.\nAs opposed to studying the essence of alchemy and the ability to create new life, she is far more interested in using alchemy to modify existing life, all the better to add variety and color to this world.\nDespite her youth, she has already achieved some brilliant results. For example, she has been able to increase the nectar output of Sweet Flowers by 70% by irrigating them with a special potion. She has also developed a special spray that allows Sunsettias to maintain their freshness for a whole month after being plucked from the branch.\nEven people who were initially suspicious of her research inclinations have come to acknowledge her exceptional talents in the field of alchemy after seeing such results.\nHowever, she merely considers these to be incidental steps on the path to a successful experiment, rather than the success itself. Her true aim is much more ambitious than this.\nIt's a secret, and is also her little dream.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nBio-alchemy explores numerous lines of inquiry, all of which stem from Sucrose's questions about living things in the world. These questions, in turn, are born out of her insatiable curiosity, a faculty that is far more developed in her than it is in most.\nFor instance, Sucrose's curiosity was once drawn to the sweet flower, accepted by most people as simply being a source of sugar.\nShe wondered: Although sweetness is clearly the most readily identifiable feature of this plant, should that be grounds for limiting its application as we have tended to do? Does it not merit further study?\nSo, after a careful study of the various features of sweet flowers, she devised thirty-something distinct rearing plans along with numerous control groups to account for temperature and other environmental conditions.\nAnd yet, her experiment still underestimated just how many variations were possible. After the experiment began, Sucrose found herself with more questions rather than fewer, and the novel discoveries that her experiment yielded gave her inspiration for further research.\nSucrose is incapable of leaving a question unattended to — it makes her restless, even guilty, to ignore it. Spurred on by this quirk of her temperament, her rearing plans grew in number to almost three hundred.\nThe result was a whole new series of sweet flower strains: Some with thrice the number of flowers, some with heads five or six times the normal size that could even float in the wind, and some even producing a sweet-tasting fruit.\nMonths of experimentation later, Sucrose had finally answered every last one of her questions pertaining to sweet flowers. As she finished writing up her research notes, she let out a long sigh of relief.\nThough she was physically and mentally exhausted, the sight of stack after stack of her bio-alchemical research volumes stretching around three walls of the room gave her a deep sense of joy and satisfaction.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nTo the people around her, Sucrose comes across as a quiet, introverted alchemist with little interest in the lives of others.\nIn fact, the truth is quite the opposite: Sucrose is fascinated by absolutely everything that exists in the world. The only thing is, she finds the discipline of social interaction to be far more difficult to master than that of alchemy.\nIn alchemy, the process of trial-and-error coupled with a determination to get to the truth is sufficient to bring you to your answer eventually. But with interpersonal relationships, there is the added complication of having to factor in manners, moods, and other unquantifiable variables. To make things worse, there seems to be no room for an approach that relies heavily on making errors.\nHence, Sucrose decided to avoid such variables at all costs and stick to her familiar methods in satisfying her curiosity.\nFor instance, Sucrose had always been curious about whether she and Cat's Tail bartender Diona, both of whom have animal ears, had any shared ancestry.\nIn fact, this was not a private matter, and most people would simply ask the question. But Sucrose was concerned that it would be a sensitive topic — she, for one, did not like people drawing attention to her ears.\nSo, she resorted to the method she knew best: observation.\nFor one whole month, Diona constantly had an unnerving sense that someone was secretly watching her. She assumed that one of the tavern patrons was stalking her, and was none too happy about it.\n"Similar genome, but ultimately different ancestry. Cat connection merits further study. Note: Unable to obtain bone sample thus far."\nThis is the conclusion that Sucrose has jotted down in her notebook based on her findings so far.\nBio-alchemy aside, Sucrose made one further discovery from this episode.\nThat is to say, judging by the pair of cat-ear spectacles she made for herself after the event, it would appear that she has finally come to comprehend a certain uniquely feline variety of cuteness. She is too shy to wear them in public, however, and only puts them on when alone in her room.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nOnce every three days, Sucrose ventures out into the real world at dusk. To her, these excursions are rare and momentous events.\nOne by one, she visits the butcher's, the Adventurers' Guild, and the Springvale hunters, looking for a material of a very specific kind.\n"H—Hi... Sorry, I... I'd like, um, the freshest, best-quality b—bones you've got... Yep, the ones with the blood and meat still on."\nPeople found her behavior utterly unusual at first, but once they had gotten used to it, they were eager to oblige, even putting the rarest bones aside for her in advance.\nThis was a major bonus for her. Not only was she able to acquire an ample supply of the usual chicken and boar bones, but she also got her hands on a complete lizard skeleton and even a chunk of hilichurl leg bone still bearing fresh blood.\nHer eyes would light up with excitement at the sight of these strange and rare bones. She would thank Katheryne of the Adventurers' Guild profusely, bowing to her over and over.\nAs well as going some way towards satisfying Sucrose's curiosity, she also found new inspiration from piecing new bones together\nMore importantly, collecting skeletons was her hobby, and she was crazy about it.\nOne day, Sucrose happened to overhear a mother attempting to discipline her child:\n"If you don't do as your told, the scary old lady with the cloth sack over her back will come to your door, go into your room, pick out every bone from your body, and take them away!"\nSucrose's curiosity compelled her to investigate further. It turned out that this was nothing more than a ghost story used by mothers to shock their children into compliance, and that it had existed long before Sucrose was even born.\nShe breathed a sigh of relief when she found out the truth.\nSoon after this, people noticed that Sucrose had switched her cloth sack for a leather one. Perhaps she did this just because she was shy. Or perhaps it was to avoid arousing suspicion...\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nAs an assistant, Sucrose does everything she can to support Albedo, and even though his alchemical inquiries tend more towards the abstruse, she finds herself learning a lot every time.\nAfter an experiment lasting five straight days and nights came to its end, Albedo noticed that Sucrose was on the brink of collapsing from exhaustion, and organized a mandatory seven-day vacation for her.\nSucrose began her holiday determined to take a proper rest and regain her energy, but from the moment that she woke up on day one she struggled to adjust to the vacation lifestyle.\nFirst things first, let's get some breakfast: fried eggs, sausages, and a cup of coffee. Nothing new to report there. All of these were foods and beverages that she had previously researched, after all.\nNext, she thought, how about a little rest and relaxation in the sun with a good book? Again, nothing new to report: plenty of research shows this to be one of the most effective means of relaxation. There wasn't a book that she hadn't already read, and there wasn't a query that she hadn't already highlighted, looked into, and later annotated for clarification.\nSo then she did some household chores: laundry, dusting, tidying. Check. Once again — nothing new to report. There was nothing to dispute about the fact that a clean and tidy environment is conducive to mental well-being.\nHalf a day in, and Sucrose had not had the occasion to ask "why" or "how" even once.\nShe was bored, restless, and angsty, and she could not calm herself down.\nShe was desperate to throw herself at a research problem. It didn't matter what it was: She would have happily researched the potted plants on the terrace, even if nothing came of it. Anything just to pass the time.\nBut wherever she looked — the Lamp Grass to her left, the Sweet Flower in front of her, or the Cecilia to her right — all she found were things that she had previously researched in exhaustive detail.\nFinally, she gave up and forced herself to go to sleep. The next day, she reported to the laboratory first thing in the morning.\n"All day long, you have nothing to research, and nothing to question. That's not rest, it's torture!"\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nSucrose's childhood was no different from anyone else's in Mondstadt. She had loving parents, she had her best friends. Life was simple, and beautiful.\nHer most enduring childhood memory is a story she once heard about a wonderful paradise.\nSomewhere in a far-flung corner of Teyvat, there was an undiscovered domain with pretty pink flowers the height of a hundred people, teeny-tiny floating fairies flying over all the place, and beautiful unicorns, the pinnacle of perfection.\nSucrose and her two best friends believed that if only they could reach this magical place, they would surely live happily ever after.\nBut time went by, and one of her friends left on a long journey with her adventurer parents, never to return.\nThe other suffered a domestic tragedy: Her father fell ill and passed away, her whole personality changed, and she broke off her friendship with Sucrose. The promise that they had once made to reunite some day in the future no longer meant anything.\nSucrose felt lonelier then than she ever had felt before in her whole life. They hadn't even set eyes on paradise yet, and already her friends were gone...\nWell. Even if they were destined to never meet again, Sucrose was desperate to honor their past friendship in some way. That was when she discovered the existence of alchemy from a book that she was reading.\nSucrose realized: Though she had never had the chance to find the entrance to that wondrous place, she now had the opportunity to be the creator of her own paradise.\nThus began her study of bio-alchemy, and she poured all of her curiosity and passion into it.\nStill, she has never once mentioned the story of paradise and her bygone friendships to anyone else.\nPerhaps one day, when that place she first learned of in a children's storybook finally becomes a reality in the real world, her friends will return.\nMist Flower Project 3, Version 17, Enlargement Trial:\n\nSucrose has a set of strict requirements when it comes to the selection of species for her personal paradise. After experimentation, specimens that are up to standard she tags with "pass."\nAt first, she wanted to give exotic-sounding names to each of her plants, just like in the stories, but whenever she came to try and name something, she found herself completely at a loss for ideas.\nAfter spending so long as a scientist, she insisted on flawless logic even when it came to relatively trivial matters such as naming.\nHer earliest batch of names included the following: "Grassflower," a flower that grows on grass;\n"Flowergrass," a grass that grows beneath flowers;\n"Multigrassflower," a flower that grows on dense grass, and so on and so forth.\nEven such un-paradisiacal names as these would take Sucrose forever to come up with — far longer than the duration of the experiments themselves.\nIn the end, she gave up on naming altogether and simply used the specimen identifiers from her research notes instead. Yes, this meant the names ended up being much longer, but, but...\n...But anyway, Sucrose is the creator of this paradise, so why shouldn't she get to name things any way she wants to?\nVision:\n\nIt was on an afternoon just like any other that Sucrose received her Vision.\nReady to begin her one-hundred-and-fifty-ninth dandelion-seed simmering experiment, she poured her carefully crafted alchemical solution into the cauldron.\nInstantly, the cauldron hit boiling point, and the entire room was filled with steam. Sucrose rushed to the cauldron, anxious to see what new transmutation had occurred this time; in her excitement, she even burned both of her hands on the lip of the cauldron.\nMuch to her disappointment, however, the Dandelion Seeds had once again burned to a crisp. But there was something new there, too: lying there amidst the black Dandelion Seeds was a Vision.\nAnd yet, rather than pouring out the liquid and taking her Vision, she first thought for a moment and then lit the fire up again to continue simmering the contents of the cauldron.\nShe was curious to know what further reactions might occur between Dandelion Seeds and Visions.\nSadly, the experiment ended in failure after three hours of constant simmering.\nStill, there was no denying that she had reaped a great reward from this experiment, for the elemental energy provided by her Vision would become her single greatest asset in her future bio-alchemical endeavors.\n~~sucrose ends here~~\n