Varesa:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\n"Time for training, Varesa!"\nEvery morning the coach would bellow her thunderous words, so loud in fact that a cloud of dust would rise up from the orchard.\nA few moments later, a core member of the Collective of Plenty's Patrol Team and the manager of a popular orchard — Varesa, who had overslept — would clumsily bumble her way into the gym, a slice of jam-coated bread in her mouth.\nAt this point, Varesa would listen to her coach's instructions with sleep-heavy eyes and a blank expression, before dutifully starting her warmups and slowly regaining her strength...\nOccasionally, her coach would point out — that jam contains too much sugar, which means it's punishment time! Only then would Varesa realize that, in her groggy haste, she'd picked her favorite condiment rather than the healthiest one.\nFaced with her coach's wrath, all a gloomy-looking Varesa could do was shuffle over to the most absurdly heavy barbell rack, all the while under the reverent, admiring, and dumbstruck gazes of her peers. That sort of weight would strain the physical limits of any normal human, leaving them with half a month of aches... Yet there Varesa was, performing some simple stretches, preparing to take on what even elite warriors would consider a "lethal weight."\nBut in the midst of such seemingly inhuman training, Varesa would instead grow more energetic — and as the light returned to her eyes, she would begin to smile.\nSo it is that in the Collective of Plenty, whose people constantly pursue the pinnacle of strength, even its toughest warriors dare not challenge Varesa.\nBut if one wishes to investigate the source of Varesa's strength, they will soon find... that she lives a life far too laid back.\nTogether with her saurian companion Vanana, she manages her orchard, steadily works her fields, then sets up her stall to sell her harvest, which she does without a hint of hurry... Hearing about her daily routine is enough to put one to sleep, for there is nothing mysterious about it at all.\nNo matter how you look at it, isn't her life just as ordinary as any of her neighbors'?\nIn almost all respects, it might well be — but with the exception of her diet.\nOne more helping, please! And another, with more seasoning this time! Oh, and another, please — the bigger the better!\nIt's standard fare for Varesa to effortlessly inhale enough food to feed thirty, forty, even fifty people. Even an eating competition like the "Epic Feast Showdown" has to open a separate venue, especially for her...\nWitnessing such marvels, people can't help but wonder...\n"Could it be that for a prodigy like her, the more she eats, the stronger she gets?"\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nFor Varesa, every day is a happy day.\nHer parents often say, "The Tollan Volcano didn't erupt for ages and ages before or after the birth of our daughter."\nBut Varesa is no divinity, and her arrival could not have quelled the volcano's fury. "For ages and ages" was simply a figure of speech.\nYet the fact that she was born in a time unafflicted by natural disaster was itself proof enough of her luck.\nIn the prosperous Collective of Plenty, Varesa's family has always lived in contentment. Having never experienced a lack of material comforts, she grew up warm and well-fed. Her parents harbored no lofty expectations for her, only wishing for their daughter to be happy, healthy, and to take over the orchard once she was ready.\nSo as her father tended the orchard, Varesa's mother would place her on the back of the little saurian, Vanana, and follow along. If her father dropped any fruit, Varesa would be quick to catch them, earning her the praise of her parents and affectionate nuzzles from Vanana.\nWhen they used to set up their stall to sell fruits, Varesa's mother would hold her, sit beside her father, open up a woven scroll, and read her stories. From cozy saurian fairytales to legends of mighty heroes, she combined lighthearted episodes with action-packed sequences with masterful pacing. Varesa, snacking away as she listened along, was utterly engrossed. Sometimes, she would eat an entire crate of Quenepa Berries without even realizing, much to her father's exasperated mirth.\nSuch a laid-back childhood bestowed upon Varesa a personality both gentle and generous.\nIn the Collective of Plenty, strength is the calling card of the people. The tall and strong garner adoration and respect, and that goes right the way from childhood.\nDespite her unremarkable physique, it wasn't long before little Varesa had managed to lift and toss the children's former leader, along with his prized youth barbell, high into the air.\n"Former," because from that moment on, the children unanimously decided that Varesa should be their new leader. However, being a traditional leader figure did not interest her.\nInstead, Varesa had set her sights on becoming a hero — someone who, at the same time as maintaining order, let everyone eat and play to their heart's content too!\nIf I've got anything scrumptious at home, I'll share it with everyone! And if I've bought something fun, we can all play together!\nStop bullying him, or I'll carry you away! You there, hogging the comics and the toys — share them with the others, or I'll drag you off myself!\nAnd all you trouble makers — you're getting a knuckle sandwich if you don't knock it off...\nAh, no, no... If I punch them, they'll be unconscious for weeks... I'll just give them a light tap on the head instead.\nAnyway, everyone should play nice and get along! No squabbling, you hear me? And definitely no being selfish or deliberately causing trouble for others!\nIt was around this time that Varesa first displayed her full potential, perhaps to a slightly extreme degree...\nHer frail friend told her of a wild fruit tree north of the tribe, its fruits miraculously sweet and tangy.\nHearing that, the little Varesa uprooted the entire tree and brought it to her friend's doorstep.\nHer mother saw this as a chance to teach her a lesson — not just that she shouldn't hurt fruit trees, but also the importance of living in harmony with nature. Together, the two of them carefully replanted the tree in its original spot...\nAnother time, the chief said that there had been more rockfalls than usual near the tribe, warning everyone to be careful.\nHearing this, the little Varesa found somewhere high to stand. Hands on hips, she looked out for these rocks. When she saw one, she'd jump in, and give it a mighty kick to send it off course!\nHer father then took Varesa to even higher ground to look for the source of the falling rocks. They dug holes, filled craters with mud, and made sure all the boulders would stay put so it wouldn't happen again any time soon...\nEvery time, people would stare and wonder to themselves — how was it even possible for such a little girl to be so strong?\nBut all it took to allay their worries was seeing Varesa's soft, smiling face, and their children playing happily under her guidance. They were never worried that she would lose control of her strength.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nAnd in a way, they were right. Varesa never lost control of her strength — instead, it was her appetite that went unchecked.\nPerhaps this was her "debt" to pay for such strength. As soon as Varesa learned to walk, her appetite was already a match for any healthy youth in the tribe. When she was up to her parents' knees in height she could, in just one meal, demolish enough food to feed her whole family for an entire day — and that included Vanana.\nHowever, little Varesa's chances to show her strength were few and far between. With her diet, she soon started to "resemble a Valberry from afar," until she reached a dangerously unhealthy weight, worrying her parents.\nFor the sake of both her health and her ability to work in the future, her parents swiftly had her tending to the orchard. A great way, they thought, for her to burn off a bit of excess energy.\nAfter arriving in the orchard, Varesa made another unpleasant observation about herself.\n"Mom, Dad, and Vanana do so much every day, but they don't eat much at all. I barely help out, yet I've been stuffing myself full..."\n"I have to work to make up for all the food I eat. I've gotta earn my keep!"\nTo her parents' delight, Varesa quickly got into the swing of things.\nAt first, she took the lead and worked more, using her Tatankasaurus-like strength to carry around goods, farm equipment, and all sorts of other things. Hard labor came easy to her, like taking a walk after a meal to burn away her burgeoning energy.\nLater, under her mother's guidance, she set her mind to studying the finer details of farming — like soil management, nutrient mixing, and moisture regulation. Varesa took to these complex tasks with great gusto.\nAs the future manager of the orchard, her daily workload far exceeded that of all her saurian helpers.\nAlthough she wasn't exactly a natural when it came to reading woven scrolls, understanding technical principles, and dealing with bookkeeping... Yet, having learned how to go out and purchase spices, Varesa could now manage the orchard on her own — something that even many adults would struggle with!\nGradually, she managed to slim down a bit, such that her physique stabilized and she was no longer at risk of any serious health issues.\nHowever, even though she tried hard to suppress her cravings and live life with moderation... Yet still, little Varesa's appetite remained prodigious, to say the least.\nTo that end, her parents had already taken her to get a diagnosis. However, to their surprise, the doctor simply praised her, saying, "she's in great health, that's why she loves eating" — so they could never figure out the cause.\nIn the end, it was Chief Acatl who, having long been concerned about little Varesa, offered up a remarkably logical-sounding explanation:\nThe fertile Teteocan soil can produce excellent crops to nourish its powerful warriors, but not all constitutions can fully utilize the energy stored within these foods. After eating the same meal, some people might only be able to do ten sets of bench presses, while others could carry the very same barbell up a mountain and still have the strength to do a war dance.\nBut there are legends of dark horses — warriors of the Teteocan whose bodies, when necessary, could fully utilize every fiber and calorie in their meals, giving them unrivaled strength and a voracious appetite. That was probably the kind of person Varesa was.\nHowever, not all of these warriors went on to inherit Ancient Names or become heroes. Just like the skeleton of a ship or the foundation of a building, they served as cornerstones, their light shining in places unseen by others. But when the opportunity arose, they too could leave behind a brilliant legacy, and so they were sometimes known as "hidden heroes."\nHearing the chief's theory put Varesa's parents at ease. At the very least, their daughter had no serious health issues.\nAs for little Varesa, all she took away from the conversation was that intriguing title...\n"A 'hidden hero,' huh? So that's what I am?"\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nThe phrase "hidden hero" had always stuck with little Varesa. Despite her youth, she had already come up with a more noble ambition:\n"Since I'm special, shouldn't I work hard to become a real hero instead?"\nHowever, the weight of the word "hero" was far beyond what little Varesa had first imagined...\nThe hero triumphs over evil, leaving only a few choice words in their wake — such is the sacrifice of storytelling, which sweeps away most of the grief and hardship of the truth behind each fairy tale and every comic.\nTo say nothing of real enemies who fought with true intent to kill, leaving Varesa more terrified than any wrestling match she'd ever watched.\nVaresa was five years old when she was first attacked by the Abyss. She relied on her instincts to kick the first monster that broke into her orchard, sending it flying. But when she saw the rest of them rushing towards her like a raging black tide, the little Varesa was so frightened that she collapsed, bursting into tears.\nLuckily, her father reacted in time. He drove off the nearby monsters, picked up Varesa and her mother, and brought Vanana with them to hide in their cellar. They sealed the door, then gently comforted their daughter as they awaited the Patrol Team's arrival.\nHowever, seeing her ruined orchard and the wounded warriors were what stopped little Varesa's tears. She clenched her tiny fists with such anger that she didn't even realize that her nails had pierced her palms.\nShe did not understand the enemy's motives, nor did she intend to. All she knew was that they had destroyed her home, and hurt the nice grown-ups who came to buy her fruit so badly that some might never wake up... She hoped to become like the heroes in those stories, eliminating any Abyssal threats the instant they showed their misshapen faces.\nBy the time she finished relocating and renovating the orchard with her parents, Varesa was no longer the carefree child she once was.\nWith her parents' permission, Varesa, wearing a small mask and dragging along the heaviest barbell in the gym, pushed open the thick stone door that led to the wrestling arena's prep room. She begged the warriors within to teach her their ways.\nAs a "hidden hero," Varesa must face her fears and weaknesses. She must turn her brute strength into the power to protect her people.\nSome arrogant wrestlers looked down on Varesa for her youth, and turned her away. In response, she wordlessly grabbed them by the legs and dragged them into the ring, where she — in response to their bewildered expressions — gave them a light push. Her opponents were knocked off their feet, sent hurtling out of the arena, proving to all that Varesa's strength was not to be taken lightly.\nThe warriors present, as well as Chief Acatl who had hurried over, briefly discussed the situation. In the end, Varesa's request was unanimously approved.\nIn the eyes of the valiant warriors of the Collective of Plenty, seeing that Varesa had the strength to surpass any grown-up, she soon came to be regarded as a master of her craft.\nFrom then on, Varesa received tutelage under many great warriors. She did not know what fighting style suited her, so she relied on her impressions of heroes to try out their techniques one by one, keeping what worked best for her.\nShe trained for years, but there was still a schism between theory and practice. Whenever she was in a real fight, whether by anxiety or lack of experience, she would still default to her instincts — charging at her enemies and launching a barrage of flying kicks. In her hands, melee weapons gained a new lease of life — namely, by being thrown straight at her foes...\nIn response, some hilichurls started adopting similar "ranged" tactics to counter Varesa's onslaughts, resulting in Coach Iansan getting caught in the crossfire... The latter, who then started paying special attention to the young lass, henceforth took over all of Varesa's training.\nTo help Varesa fully realize her potential, Iansan created a highly effective training program. Surprisingly, Varesa's natural talent ranked far above the rest of her trainees. Relying on just her intuition, she could effortlessly execute techniques that would require much backbreaking training from even Iansan's most devout disciples.\nIansan believed that Varesa's strength might even surpass her own. Brimming with anticipation, she encouraged Varesa in the spirit of competition, saying, "I won't lose to you!" However, this only ended up leaving Varesa flustered and at a loss for words.\nDuring her training, Varesa defeated a four-digit number of monsters, but also broke a three-digit number of weapons, leaving a two-digit number of the tribe's warriors scratching their heads in disbelief. Iansan came to the following conclusion:\nVaresa was a genius with incredible strength, but it was precisely her strength that prevented her from using common melee weapons. Therefore, she should adopt the bare-handed fighting style of wrestlers to further grow as a warrior.\nAt Iansan's recommendation, Varesa joined the tribe's Patrol Team. She frequently took to the front lines, striving to improve her fighting skills.\nAnd on her second month in the Patrol Team, Varesa once again faced a grueling trial.\nThe black tide of monsters rushed at her once more. Her comrades were exhausted after three consecutive days of fighting, and even Varesa was reaching her limit...\nBut it was in this very battle that Varesa found her second wind, and gained something precious to her — something that would make her an even more formidable warrior...\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nAfter experiencing that harsh battle, Varesa gradually returned to her peaceful self. Gaining more experience helped her ward off anxiety on the battlefield, even when under duress.\nShe took over her family business, and her pace of living went back to how it was in her childhood.\nDeep down, she had always been an easy-going girl. In her own words, "a laid-back life's a happy life."\nIf she were to describe her usual routine, it would look something like this: "Tend to the orchard, take care of Vanana, then drag the fruit cart around to each tribe to sell my stock... While I'm out, grab something fresh for lunch and dinner. If I run into the Epic Feast Showdown, all the better! This Inferno Stomach Supremo's gonna have herself a feast!"\n"Oh, and aside from that, don't forget to train according to Coach Iansan's plan every day — go through exercises on 18 gym machines, then three sets of 300 reps for three types of no-equipment full-body workouts, plus three shuttle run sessions of 30 thousand steps each... No need to stick to any strict timing, but just be careful not to startle passersby when training at night..."\nWhen she receives the signal to report to the Patrol Team for duty, Varesa brings a massive backpack stuffed full of food, and follows her teammates around like she's on a field trip, looking for new spots to camp. When running into regular enemies, she dons her mask and gives them a generous serving of flying kicks — a show-stopping warmup, if ever there was one!\nOnly when encountering the toughest of Abyssal foes does Varesa's fighting spirit burn truly bright.\nSuch a disposition makes her ill-suited for certain situations, the most notable of which being the Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame.\nAs a famous warrior of the Collective of Plenty, everyone had always hoped that Varesa would achieve greatness in the Pilgrimage.\nBut from the very moment she'd learned to fight, Varesa had never considered the other tribes' warriors to be her enemy. As a result, she was unable to take fights against her fellow Natlanese seriously... to the point that she fought like she was one of the fans in the stands.\nOne time, the "Sand Dagger of Seit'aad" used his weapon to deflect an indecisive tackle from Varesa, causing her to crash headfirst into a cave, stumble inside, and get hopelessly lost. Guided by a Yumkasaurus Whelp, she only returned to the arena long after the team stage of the Pilgrimage had ended.\nThen there was another when Nusta, a veteran warrior of the Flower-Feather Clan, was showing off her punching techniques, and a pumped-up Varesa stopped to applaud her, totally oblivious to her surroundings. She did not even realize that Nusta's teammates had snuck off with the Sacred Flame until it was too late.\nHer strongest opponent was "Malipo" Kinich, who was on par with her speed, but far more agile. By dodging all around Varesa, Kinich effortlessly deflected her attacks, wore her out, and made an equally swift getaway with her team's Sacred Flame in tow...\nVaresa attempted the Pilgrimage five times, but never made it out of the team stage even once.\nChief Acatl and Coach Iansan could only sigh and shrug. However, Varesa's parents and friends had no regrets, celebrating the despondent Varesa's return each time with a bounteous feast.\nIf it had been anybody else, someone so strong being repeatedly knocked out so easily would surely have invited criticism. But the people of the Collective of Plenty, and even other tribes' warriors who had fought her, were sympathetic.\nVaresa often chats with her customers when selling her fruits. She is always calm, composed, and treats everyone like a friend. When customers pay slightly less, buy goods on temporary credit, or request returns or refunds, Varesa never shows the slightest hint of impatience. Her kind and laid-back demeanor convey a sense of comfort to all who cross paths with her.\nIt would not be amiss to say that Varesa simply cannot muster up even an ounce of anger for her compatriots.\nInstead, Varesa knows that she should save her rage — a valuable resource to her — for the most important of battles. Being the bastion of the Patrol Team, Varesa has been a diligent soldier since the moment of her admission, and never once tasted defeat while defending the Collective of Plenty from the Abyss.\nBut what is Varesa's own stance on all this? Is this truly enough for her?\nParticipating in the Night Warden Wars, and facing the main force of the Abyss head-on is an indispensable milestone in Varesa's journey to becoming a hero.\nEvil never rests. To only intercept when the enemy strikes is an unsustainable approach.\nVaresa knew that if she failed to overcome her weaknesses by grasping the difference between unleashing her strength and giving in to anger, she might never become a true hero...\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nSitting next to her tent and gazing at the campfire, Varesa has often wondered: What does the word "hero" mean to her?\nWhen she first set foot on the battlefield, Varesa was plagued by fear and trepidation. Back then, she chose to wear her mask, and would cry out "By my spark, the night burns!" to ignite her fighting spirit, thus overcoming her weakness.\nThis soon became her modus operandi in battle. Once she had her mask on, she became a different person altogether — a hero who fought without fear.\nBut even if her words and actions made her seem like a hero of legend... Could she truly call herself one?\nMore importantly, why did she even want to become another hero?\nDid she envy their splendid swagger or desire to leave a trail of mighty feats in her wake for all to gush over?\nOr did she want to be able to channel the same kind of battle rage as her peers, to turn herself into a doubly-powerful instrument of war?\nAfter the greatest crisis had been resolved, with Natlan emerging victorious, Varesa heard the story of "Tumaini," and slowly, things started clicking into place...\nGradually, she realized that she neither hungered for glory, nor desired a permanent "enemy" to draw her rage.\nWhat she prized above all was the bravery and initiative of her heroes, as well as their courage in the face of their Abyssal foe.\nShe wanted to turn their conviction into her strength, meting out her own brand of justice — to protect everyone so they could live peaceful lives, happy and carefree.\nRather than hiding herself behind a mask, she should fight as herself — the one and only "Varesa."\nShe realized that it was imperative to confront her weaknesses head-on, as well as curb her sloppiness and bad habits.\nTo this end, Varesa has been letting Iansan put her through "enhanced control training," all while pushing herself harder than ever before. She now avoids wearing her mask in battle, and has stopped trying to imagine herself as one of her usual array of heroes.\nAt first, she felt naked without her mask, and her subconscious dredged up memories of her rookie days, memories of weakness and panic. In her confusion, Varesa lost herself, forgetting even the basics of battle.\nBut when the mind fails, the body takes over — namely, the techniques deeply ingrained into her muscle memory. Even though she wasn't able to use her full strength, and her lack of confidence led to her tripping and falling several times in front of her foes...\nYet in the end, falling down was no big deal. She could, after all, use her superior strength to crash down with such force that her enemies lost their footing. Hey, as long as it worked...\nIt's true that Varesa is still in the process of slowly adapting to the battlefield. Soon, she will be ready to join the fray, and unleash the coolest, most awesome fighting style of all — one that comes straight from her heart.\nThis is Varesa in her prime as a warrior: someone who turns a fighting spirit born from "wrath" into the "courage" to face down her foes, colors the battlefield with the legacies of heroes past, and slams, dropkicks, and tackles her way to a beautiful victory!\nA Hero's Mask:\n\nThe first legendary hero that Varesa remembers hearing about, and the one who left the deepest impression on her, was Fietena.\nIn artworks, she is usually portrayed with her favorite red battle mask. Known for her incredible speed and great skill in close combat, she was a warrior without equal.\nBorn in the Collective of Plenty, Fietena achieved a great many victories in battle, not only at home but also in the defense of other tribes. Fietena eventually fell in love with a warrior from the Flower-Feather Clan and married into his family, strengthening relationships between both tribes.\nOverall, although Fietena's tale might not be as awe-inspiring as those of the heroes of the six Ancient Names, she remains a legend adored and respected by the people.\nAs Natlan's graffiti has been influenced by foreign pop culture, its mediums of telling hero stories have constantly shifted with the times. In Varesa's beloved comics, where the art styles are often vibrant and over the top, Fietena's one-of-a-kind story has cemented her as an all-time favorite.\nThe comic in which Fietena made her debut ended up being published in twelve volumes, with five different versions of her design.\nWhenever she visits the Children of Echoes, Varesa would learn some simple craftsmanship skills from its smiths. Eventually, she made replicas of all five of Fietena's masks for herself.\nOf these masks, she kept four in her collection. However, the mask from "Night Warden Wars: Second Trial" is special.\nThis mask had the most thrilling backstory, but due to the large-scale battles in the comic — and the fact that Fietena was only visible from a few side-angles — it was difficult for Varesa to pick out its exact details, and there was no frontal depiction for her to use as a reference.\nSo Varesa relied on her gut feeling to complete the pattern on the finished product, and it became a symbol of her giving her all in battle.\nIn truth, due to Varesa's personal touches, there were already many differences between her mask and Fietena's.\nSo much so that when people saw the masked Varesa, it was Varesa they thought of, not Fietena.\nOnce she learned of this unanimous verdict, Varesa was not only slightly disappointed, but even a little sad.\nNevertheless, whenever she completed her tasks in the Patrol Team, fulfilling her duty to safeguard the Collective of Plenty and its surrounding areas, people would always approach her to offer their gratitude.\nThey would give her gifts of her favorite foods, as well as beautiful handmade ornaments.\nAnd to place emphasis on thanking Varesa herself, people would always draw a little mask on every thank-you letter they gave her. Over time, the mask came to be seen as Varesa's personal emblem.\nTo this, Coach Iansan nodded her head in satisfaction:\n"Fietena's heroic deeds will always be remembered by the people. But what happens today and tomorrow, that's your masterpiece in the making. Accept it, Varesa, and embrace it — it's a sign of everyone's encouragement!"\nHearing her coach's advice, Varesa made up her mind and set herself a lofty goal:\n"If, one day, I really manage to become a true hero, and people make stories about me... a—and even make me the protagonist in a comic... then let's officially make this 'Varesa's Mask'!"\nVision:\n\nOn numerous occasions, Varesa has recounted a nightmare she once had in which she was fighting an endless horde of Abyssal foes, knocking down one, only for ten more to spring up in its place.\nMany of the tribe's warriors understood that this was no dream, and that such a horrific battle did, in fact, take place.\nAt that time, the Abyssal forces had launched a cunning three-way assault on the Collective of Plenty when the Tollan Volcano was in its eruption cycle. They sought to isolate, corner, and exterminate the tribal warriors.\nThe attack happened so suddenly that the only reinforcements to arrive were a handful of couriers from the Scions of the Canopy. As far as the Collective of Plenty's warriors were concerned, they were practically on their own.\nWith their limited manpower, the drawn-out fighting soon wore their defenses down on all sides. After careful deliberation, the tribe's elders decided to decentralize and layer their defenses, deploying their front lines as far away from civilian areas as possible. The reinforcements from the Scions of the Canopy could not join the fighting directly, and were ordered to occupy as much of the high ground as they could.\nMeanwhile, the Collective of Plenty planned to deploy a number of its elite warriors to launch a counteroffensive.\nThe tribe's lines of defense could not halt the Abyssal forces completely, but their responsibility was to slow them down and deplete their strength.\nOnce the Abyssal forces had been slowed, the Collective of Plenty would change tactics — they would have the Scions of the Canopy's couriers identify and track down the enemy leaders.\nFollowing this, the tribe's counteroffensive would ambush the enemy leaders from behind and take them down. After cutting off the head of the serpent, the only thing left would be to deal with its flailing body...\nWhen Varesa, new to the Patrol Team, heard that she could engage the enemy leaders if she joined the counteroffensive, she signed up right there on the spot.\nAcatl and Iansan were concerned, but they needed as much support as they could get, and Varesa was indeed a formidable warrior. In the end, they agreed to let her join.\nThough the strategy was sound, putting it into practice was treacherous, to say the least.\nDuring the first counterattack, Varesa, along with ten warriors, rushed into the enemy lines, and felled their leader with great gusto.\nDuring the second counterattack, Varesa was joined by only six warriors. The enemies' weapons, normally a breeze to evade and parry, cut closer and closer to their necks each time.\nDuring the final counterattack, Iansan, the backbone of the tribe's defenses, fought with all her might to clear a path. When she turned around, she realized that only Varesa was left...\nVaresa hobbled over, covered in wounds. She carried an older fellow warrior over her left shoulder, whom she handed over to Iansan. In her right hand, she dragged along the twisted, broken body of a mitachurl which she hurled into the enemy horde, sending a great number of monsters flying.\nVaresa's eyes, clouded and hazy, revealed that she was barely conscious on her feet. But her body continued to fight at full strength, driven by rage and responsibility alike.\nWith trembling hands, she took out her tattered mask from her pocket. She put it on, whispering to herself:\n"I'm not that scared little girl anymore. I want to fight like a hero."\nAs soon as the words left her mouth, and without waiting for Iansan, Varesa dug her heels into the ground, which cracked and splintered under the force. She flung herself at the enemy leader in a blazing, crimson flash, tearing through the surrounding ranks of monsters.\nAfter a few moments, a thunderous roar erupted from the depths of the Abyssal horde. What remained of their leader was sent blasting upwards, tracing a beautiful arc through the sky...\nWhen the dust had settled, Iansan got to digging, and eventually found Varesa buried in the depths of the ruined battlefield, fast asleep. But the Vision in her grasp was clearly wide awake, for it wreathed her body in crackling bursts of lightning.\nVaresa remained unconscious for half a month. When she finally awoke, she could not remember a single thing about the battle. By then, her wounds had miraculously healed, and she was fit as a fiddle once more.\nHearing the praises of the people around her, regarding her new Vision, and enjoying her victory banquet, Varesa knew only that she had done herself proud. At the very least... she didn't end up letting everyone down.\nIn other words, there was no need to think too much about it all. And after working so hard, it was now time to eat hard instead!\n~~varesa ends here~~\nVenti:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nAn unknown bard that came from nowhere. He sometimes sings outdated songs, other times he hums new ones that none have ever heard of.\nHe likes apples and lively atmospheres, but hates cheese and anything that is slimy.\nWhen channeling Anemo, it appears in the form of feathers, because he likes things that look light.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nBack when traveling bard Venti had only been in Mondstadt for a few months, his income was far less than the other more established bards in town. But once he had a few Mora in the pot from his performance, you could be sure he would hurry off to spend it at the same place every time — one of the city's taverns.\nUnfortunately for Venti, his childlike appearance meant that his attempts to acquire alcohol failed at every turn.\nThe first time he was refused service, he was heard grumbling: "I'm sure there were no such preposterous regulations last time I was here..." Once he realized that the same rule applied to all taverns in town, he decided he would have to change his approach...\nThe strategy he developed was drinking on the job — that is to say, playing the lyre while holding a wine cup in his mouth, urging his audience to buy him a drink from the bar if they liked his performances instead of giving him Mora.\nThe novelty of this made him quite popular in Mondstadt.\nThere was just one snag — he couldn't help but sneeze if a cat came close...\nAnd if he happened to be holding a wine cup in his mouth when it happened... needless to say, it would spell disaster.\nVenti, therefore, has one golden rule when selecting a spot to perform, and that is that there must be no cats in the vicinity.\nEasier said than done — the stray cats of Mondstadt seem to be quite drawn to him.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nThere is a towering oak tree at the center of Windrise, said to have sprouted when Vennessa ascended to the heavens a millennium ago.\nIn the past few months, travelers resting in the shade of the great oak sometimes hear a young boy singing the tales of Barbatos, the Anemo Archon.\nUnlike the ruling deities of the other nations, Barbatos has long left Mondstadt. In fact, the only visible proof of his connection with Mondstadt is the Statues of The Seven that appear across the land — even then, the resemblance is vague at best. Fortunately, Barbatos's past deeds are recorded in books and epics, sung and passed on by the bards.\nIn contrast to these more canonical works, Venti's ballads tend to include bizarre adventures and acts of mischief, such as the time that Barbatos pinched the Cryo Archon's scepter and replaced it with a hilichurl's wooden club...\nWorshippers of Barbatos are quick to decry these frivolous tales as blasphemous fabrications. But whenever someone confronts Venti about this, his response suggests that he has not an ounce of remorse.\n"How can you know that they're fabrications?"\nHe has a point — even the most devoted sister could not possibly know the details of all of Barbatos's deeds from a millennium ago.\nOnly Venti knows the truth behind his song lyrics, and it is a truth he hides behind an enigmatic smile.\nReason being, yes — Venti's tall tales of Barbatos's unorthodox exploits are entirely fabricated.\nHey, Venti finds that a few drinks really gets his muse going. Can you really blame him?\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nAround 2,600 years ago, the Archon War had yet to end, and the world had yet to fall under the dominion of The Seven.\nIn those days, the city called "Mondstadt" was surrounded on all sides by gales impenetrable even to the birds of the air. The wind's ceaseless howling ground the soil and the rock of that city into smooth, flowing dust.\nThe Lord of Wind who lived in his high tower was Decarabian, God of Storms. He squinted from on high at his subjects, who bowed before him in the unceasing wind, and, believing them submissive, thought this good.\nIn those days, Venti was but a single thread of the thousand winds that roared through the northern lands.\nHe who would in latter days be known as "Barbatos" was but a tiny elemental spirit, without a shred of divine dignity, a breeze that brought subtle changes for the better, or tiny seeds of hope.\nIn Mondstadt of old, Venti met a young boy. This lad knew how to play the lyre, and longed to write the greatest poem of all.\n"I do so wish to see the birds in flight."\nSo said the boy who had never seen the blue sky, eagles, or the green grass, his voice almost utterly drowned by the wind.\n"Friend, will you not come along?"\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nThe elemental being Venti obtained the feather of an eagle for the lad living in that storm-shrouded city, who had never seen a bird in his life.\nThen, war broke out in Mondstadt, in the name of freedom.\nWith the feather tucked away in his breast pocket, Venti watched the fall of the eccentric ruler amid the wrack and ruin of revolt together with his friend.\nThe ruler had believed that he had given his subjects a city free from the bitter cold, and to the end, he believed that they had loved him as he loved them.\nYet, despite the victory, Venti was never able to give that feather to the lad, for that lad had fallen in the battle for the sake of song, sky, and birds, and for the people who, like him, had dwelled within the storm-wall.\nWith the crumbling of an ancient seat of divinity, a new god was born. The Anemo Archon Barbatos felt power flowing at his fingertips.\nHis first use of this power was to reconstitute himself in the likeness of that young lad.\nFor only if he wore human shape could he play the lyre that the lad so loved.\nPlucking its strings, he scattered the ice and snow and split the mountains with a divine wind.\nHe bade Mondstadt become a city of freedom, a nation without a king.\nIn future, he believed, it would become a better, more romantic city.\n"Surely, he too would have wanted to live in such a place."\nThus, a new age began for Mondstadt.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nThe Anemo Archon cannot take credit for everything in Mondstadt.\nCredit should be given where credit is due, I shall sing now the praises of things beauteous and true:\nWe thank the West Wind, whose enduring caress\nBrings the blossoms of Spring, by whose scent we are blessed.\nFinches, ducks, rabbits and boars,\nMondstadt's revival bid them thrive evermore.\nIn summer the lion walks the plains,\nNo words one finds to praise it but these:\nDo you sweat out your water to make way for wine?\nComes the heat of the summer from your mane of sunshine?\nThe mountain mouths and gorges low like drunkards wayward lie...\nBut the East Wind cares not, for it doesn't walk — it flies!\nOver the fruit trees it brushes low,\nAnd its wings bring the harvest of things that grow.\nThe North Wind in the silent forest slumbers,\nAnd around it pace the wolves in their numbers.\nThough most have never a glimpse of them seen, for the Wind knows that none is of winter too keen,\nYet the Anemo Archon glimpses and sees, that it dreams each night of warm reverie.\n—As the four seasons in turn shall say their piece, so the four winds too shall never cease.\nOf course, to look at it differently, I am the one who should be credited here, and not they.\nCredits should be given where credits belong — if not for the bard who pens the song, then who shall ensure that these tales are passed on?\nWhere the Wind Doth Not Blow:\n\nAfter 1,600 years of history, Mondstadt's "freedom" had sunk to a heretofore unseen low.\nBarbatos, unwilling to become a tyrant, had departed. But he had never imagined that those to whom he had gifted freedom would make for themselves a tyrant.\nThe aristocracy ruled Mondstadt with a cruel hand, bringing slaves into this land and ignoring the cries of the oppressed.\nThus the Anemo Archon returned after these 1,600 years to what was once the City of Freedom. He heard the cry of the slave girl Vennessa, and together with her raised a rebellion that overthrew the aristocracy.\n—Now, the above is what all know to be the official history of Mondstadt.\nThe story has an interesting, little-known twist, however.\nThe one who united the people of Mondstadt in this conflict was indeed the hero Vennessa — but that which caused many of the aristocracy's troops to turn coat was a "treachery against the wind."\nA secret treaty was found, a betrayal of the city — the aristocrats had forsaken the wind, and sold everything in Mondstadt to the Geo Archon of the neighboring land.\nAt the treaty's end was carved an insignia inimitable by all save the deity so named: Rex Lapis.\nHow the soldiers that had once oppressed the slaves shuddered when they saw that they too would become slaves in a foreign land.\nThe news, and the conflict, spread like wildfire, consuming the aristocracy. It was only many years later that historians would discover that this treaty was fake.\nAs it turned out, Venti had once practiced the art of forgery in order to play pranks on the Geo Archon, but could never deceive the god of wealth and transactions. Even so, his adeptness would come into play after several hundred years.\nWhat a happy coincidence.\nVision:\n\nThe Seven Archons do not need Visions, for they already have great power.\nYet Barbatos was fond of the mortal world, and wanted to roam Mondstadt more freely as "Venti." As such, he constructed a glass ornament very much like the Visions worn by those chosen by the gods.\nThe imitation has no special abilities, nor does Venti rely on it to channel elemental power.\nHowever, since Venti does not keep the Holy Lyre der Himmel by his side, and since he is too lazy to bring a normal lyre, he gave his fake Vision the ability to turn into the wooden lyre "Der Frühling."\n~~venti ends here~~\n