Xiangling:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\n"Coming, coming! Here's your Stir-Fried Filet! And your Mora Meat. And Fried Radish Balls, as you ordered."\nIn Liyue, there's a place called Chihu Rock, and there stands a restaurant known as Wanmin Restaurant.\nOne must remain focused if they want to keep moving forward on the bustling streets of Liyue.\nUnsuspecting newcomers to this place are often lured away by wonderful culinary aromas or lead to peek inside stores by curious sounds.\nXiangling, who is both chef and waitress at the restaurant, delivers steaming, delicious dishes to the tables.\n"Sit anywhere you'd like. I can make whatever you want, even if it's not on the menu!"\nThe workers at Wanmin Restaurant can recognize a regular, if not by their face, then by the first sentence out of their mouths.\nA customer that orders without needing a menu has been at least a few times before. However, if they ask "Is Xiangling the chef today?" then they're definitely a regular.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nXiangling has destroyed many a wok in her time. Either the insides would become irreversibly charred from the heat of a Pyro Slime, or cracks would appear due to flash-freezing from a Mist Flower — or, at some step in Xiangling's unconventional cooking process, a small-scale explosion would reduce it to scrap metal. After some heavy consideration on the part of Xiangling's father, he ultimately decided not to banish his daughter from the kitchen, despite the destruction she caused.\nAs reckless, imaginative, and uninhibited as she may be, it was exactly these traits that led her to create her most successful dishes. "Maybe this isn't so bad..." He tried to convince himself.\nSuffice to say that payment for a new wok is a regular feature of the restaurant's monthly ledger.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\n"There are many secrets to cooking; the most important of which is passion."\nWhen Xiangling decided to learn to be a chef, her father handed her his own handwritten cooking journal, his life's work. That line was written on the title page.\nIf she was any other person, she would likely have regarded it as some cheesy inspirational quote. However, Xiangling regarded it as a priceless treasure.\nTo her, her father only secured his footing in the forever-ongoing war between the Li and Yue cuisines by upholding that principle.\nHowever, at that time, the conflict between the two styles was white-hot, with many restaurants feeling the pressure that arose from it. Wanmin Restaurant was no exception.\n"Good food is good food, period!"\nThe monopoly on luxurious ingredients such as matsutake and crabs infuriated Xiangling, her angry response to which was to take over in the kitchen.\nIt was time for her to build upon the foundation her father gave her and make some changes.\n"I'm gonna make super-delicious dishes out of any ingredient!"\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nXiangling's liveliness is disastrous for the hilichurls of Jueyun Karst. They one day awoke to find their fighting clubs gone.\nOf course, the flora in Dihua Marsh did not fare any better.\nAfter all the work she put in, she finally created some new recipes, such as Hilichurl Club BBQ Fish and Horsetail Sticky Rice and Meat...\nShe'd never create anything new if she just stuck to the recipes of her predecessors.\nOne must break with common conception if they are to carve their own path.\nWhen Xiangling finally created her crowning achievement, the Chef's Special Cold-Dressed Fowl, her father paid the price, needing to resort to simple white congee for two days following.\n"Mint and Qingxin Flower seem to induce diarrhea..."\nShe learned a valuable experience to add to her journal.\nStrange. She ate her own dishes, but nothing ever happened to her. Xiangling did feel guilty though.\nMaybe it was because she was young and healthy, or had somehow built up a resistance to certain toxins... One may never know.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nWhenever a customer asks what exactly was the perplexing creature that follows Xiangling around is, she tells them the story:\nThere was a sudden downpour one day when Xiangling was on her way to fetch some Violetgrass. Halfway there, she was already tired and hungry. She stumbled into a cave, and came across a strange shrine.\nSo she sat down by the shrine, and took out two pieces of spicy cornbread.\nShe gobbled down one, but left the other one on the shrine, intending to eat a little later, but then promptly fell asleep.\nWhen she woke up, the other spicy cornbread was gone and a mysterious creature was sitting in front of her, staring.\n"Was it good?"\nIt nodded.\n"More?" She took out some jerky from her backpack.\nThe mysterious creature nodded once again.\nThis was how Xiangling made a new friend. It seemed to be drawn to Xiangling's cooking, as the creature started following Xiangling around wherever she went.\nXiangling named it "Guoba," after her favorite childhood snack.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nAfter sampling every dish there was in Liyue, Xiangling's culinary skills drastically improved. Her specialty spicy dishes earned the praise of even her father, a veteran chef with over two decades of experience.\nShe created her unique and complex flavor profile through a generous helping of chili peppers mixed with fruits and herbs for increased aroma. She also created what became the signature dish of Wanmin Restaurant: Black-Back Perch Stew, which combines the richness, color and strong flavors of Li cuisine with the fresh aromas and nutritional content of Yue cuisine.\nSome have tried to copy her recipes, but try as they might they can never quite reproduce the way her cooking tastes.\n"Braise fresh Violetgrass overnight. Dry, then grind to a fine powder. Sprinkle into any dish for an aromatic boost."\nThis is one of Xiangling's secret recipes, arrived at through a painstaking process of trial and error.\nIn Xiangling's case, that means countless bouts of diarrhea, countless bruised knees bashed on rocky cliffs, and countless wasted potfuls of food that didn't quite turn out as expected.\nXiangling's Map:\n\nThis map of Teyvat is lined with dense notations in various colors, and if you read closely, you can find the places where Xiangling has been, and where she intends to go in future.\n"The shellfish of the shallows around Guyun Stone Forest are unmatched in their freshness. They say that 'here be sea monsters'?"\n"Sea monster meat tastes great. Should look for Beidou to go fight another one. Will steaming them with eggs make them taste better?"\n"There's a dragon in Mondstadt? Great! I just need three days of provisions to get there."\n"Valberries are sweet. Lots here. I'll bring a basket. Take some back. See if they'll grow."\n"This Mondstadt restaurant's Sautéed Matsutake is way too luxurious! They should just sell the matsutake. Ooh, what if I fry some with Jueyun Chili? Sounds good already. Might as well borrow a kitchen tomorrow and give it a go."\n"Haven't found the dragon yet. Am I in the right place?"\n...\nVision:\n\n"You can make something super delicious out of any kind of ingredient."\nXiangling earned the approval of a Vision by shouldering this ideal in a wholehearted and unreserved manner. Even when she would make dishes that could be called "horrifying," her desire to keep trying to match ingredients would never waver.\n"Ugh... Qingxin Fried Lizard is actually kinda bad. I think lizards should just be stone-grilled in future."\n"Slime fried rice is also rather ordinary. Maybe we'll try putting mushrooms in a slime jus next time."\nThough her friends fell around her during the epic battles with the taste of her dishes and advised her to turn back, Xiangling never stopped thinking about how to turn these "special" ingredients into delicious food.\nIn Xiangling's innocent and persistent heart, as long as they were not poisonous, there were no good or bad ingredients.\nHer Vision, after all, proves that even the gods approve of such thinking.\n~~xiangling ends here~~\nXianyun:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nAccording to the "Thrice Annotated Version of the Full Record of Pristine Pavilion," a roaming adeptus travels with the "Spirit of Eight Pure and Mighty Rose-Clouds," dancing through the air as though "riding light and striding lightning." Their lives, too, are long beyond mortal reckoning. What humans call a millennium is but time for a short rest for the adeptus in their abode. As the saying goes, "Night and day belong not in paradise."\nAs for where the adepti dwell, the "Full Record of Pristine Pavilion" asserts that the sky is their pillow and the earth their mat, and that they may dwell in the mountains, rivers, lakes, and seas — and this indeed seems to explain the countless adeptal encounters recorded in the annals of Liyue's history. This is one school of thought.\nAnother can be found in the classic treatise on metal and stone, "Void-Pacing Stone Catalog." While showering praise upon the weird and wonderful rock formations of Jueyun Karst, "Stone Catalog" also proffers a warning: "The peaks of Jueyun tower up to lofty heights, striving to outdo one another... each belonging to a different master — Qingyun Peak to Moon Carver, Mt. Hulao to Mountain Shaper, Mt. Aocang to Cloud Retainer. The wise climb not a mastered mountain, nor quarry its rocks."\nOut of a similar veneration, descriptions of what the adepti actually look like are few and far between. Based on a handful of allusions to Cloud Retainer's appearance in the historian Zichang's "Stone Tablet Compilations," as well as scattered references in ancient songs, we can know that the adepti are ever-changing in form. To take Cloud Retainer as an example, when in human form, she is said to be "of elegant countenance, dressed in purpled robes and made up like a flower in full bloom"; whereas in bestial form, she "flies with grace, soaring among the clouds and crying out to the moon."\nInterestingly, one particular tale recounted in "Full Record of Pristine Pavilion" gives a further idea of the sublime character of the adepti. Once upon a time, a traveler happened upon Cloud Retainer while passing through Jueyun Karst. Taking out a self-made timepiece which he proudly dubbed a "Jade Bottle Float-Type Water Clock," he sought to impress his ingenuity upon the adeptus. But to his surprise, she instead summarily pointed out the flaws of using a float-type water clock to record the passing of time. Hearing this, the traveler begged for her guidance, which he eventually received before being sent back down the mountain.\nSuch tales are apt to make mortals lament — it is only after meeting an adeptus, free and unfettered by the material world, that one can truly realize how insignificant our lives are.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nEvery second of every day, Liyue Harbor bustles with throngs of people coming and going. Local businessman weighed down by sacks of gold, outlanders garbed in strange attire, shrewd and canny public servants, warm-hearted guards... People from all walks of life with all sorts of personalities mingle, to the extent that no one looks out of place.\nWhen someone new suddenly appears in a city like this, people don't bat an eyelid.\nThis particular newcomer to Liyue Harbor is a woman who goes by the name of Xianyun. Tall and slender, she wears a pair of red-rimmed spectacles and exudes an aura that makes her stand out from the crowd.\nTo the Fontainian merchants who sell their mechanical creations on the streets of Liyue, she's already a familiar figure. When passing by, she invariably stops to discuss mechanical design with them — and once such discussions get started, entire afternoons fly by before anyone notices. She seems well acquainted with Chef Mao and Xiangling from Wanmin Restaurant as well, and is often to be seen sitting at a table opposite Guoba, waiting for a bowl of piping hot Dragon Beard Noodles. And she's also made an impression on the waiters of both Xinyue Kiosk and Liuli Pavilion, where she sometimes dines as the guest of Mr. Zhongli from the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor. Granny Shan, the toy seller, remembers her too. If memory serves, she'd tell you, Xianyun's the one who often brings along a young woman with long, white hair to look at her kites and other trinkets. The young woman, whose name she now recalls is Shenhe, never seems to find anything that takes her fancy — yet Xianyun always brings her back nonetheless.\nJust like many other residents of Liyue Harbor, it seems that Xianyun not only has hobbies of her own, but also travels widely and has many friends.\nSo when people see her chatting with Madame Ping by the fish pond nearby Yujing Terrace, they think nothing of it.\n"I haven't seen much of Mountain Shaper lately. And Moon Carver still hasn't returned that Multi-Purpose Abode Cleaning Talisman I lent him, to this day..."\n"Is that so? What might that be then, some sort of new sigil contraption you've come up with?"\n"Yes, let me tell you all about it..."\nEach day, there comes a time when the lights of thousands of homes finally go out, and Liyue Harbor falls silent for a brief while. With nothing more to see before morning, Xianyun takes this opportunity to take a stroll along the narrow path that winds up Mt. Tianheng.\nJagged outcrops pose little obstacle for Xianyun. With a quick jump up and a gust of wind below, she's already at the top in the blink of an eye.\nGazing down upon the murky streets far below, the human known as Xianyun transforms into a crane, and with a flap of her wings lifts herself up toward the firmament.\nBut of course, there's really nothing strange about any of this. Liyue Harbor is a city that embraces all — so it's only natural that some adepti would end up living here too.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nSome of Liyue's history has simply been lost to the sands of time. The rest has either left its mark on the land in the form of ancient ruins, or — thanks to the painstaking efforts of those with adeptal affinity — made it into the annals of history. Aside from traveling to all corners of the land, those who would seek to understand Liyue's history must therefore look to the history books. Naturally, book collectors have played an important role in this process. One such individual is the great scholar of Liyue Harbor who refers to himself as "Scholar Dongming."\nDongming is closely acquainted with Wangsheng Funeral Parlor's consultant Mr. Zhongli, and indeed often entreats him to help assess the authenticity of ancient texts. On one such occasion, Zhongli had a matter at hand that prevented him from attending in person, so he sent a friend in his stead.\nThis particular friend turned out to be a tall, slender woman who wore red-rimmed spectacles and introduced herself as Xianyun. At first, Dongming assumed that she would be a person of culture and learning just like Mr. Zhongli. But upon entering, she displayed no apparent interest in the ancient texts before her, and the only thing that seemed to catch her eyes was the old mechanical lock on the door. Overcome by nerves, Dongming was for a time at a complete loss for words. As if she could sense the awkward silence hanging on the air, Xianyun took charge and began to speak. To put Dongming's nerves at ease, she reassured him that her eyesight was perfectly adequate for judging the veracity of ancient texts, and then began to talk about her glasses.\nIt turned out that there was nothing wrong with Xianyun's eyesight, and that she didn't even need glasses to see clearly. "Glasses," she explained, "not only help people see, but can be worn as accessories too, you know! And once you've realized that... Why limit yourself to the boring colors? What's wrong with red rims anyway?"\n"What an interesting person..." thought Dongming to himself.\n"Besides, don't glasses put people at ease? Don't they feel more... human?" A sudden change of expression passed over Dongming's face when he heard this.\n"I mean, more in line with the local fashion. I'm not from Liyue Harbor, after all."\n"Ah, that explains it then..." thought Dongming, who himself was not a local either. Hearing her say this made him feel that little bit closer to Xianyun — close enough, in fact, to steer the topic back to those ancient texts that he wanted her to assess.\nAfter looking through the texts for a moment, Xianyun frowned and exclaimed: "'Shaped like a bull, with a winged tail'... Why on earth would Fujin of the North choose to take such a form? And the part about Mountain Shaper... it's all nonsense."\nOne way to judge the authenticity of ancient writings is to examine their contents. Given that the expert before him believed the records to be erroneous, it seemed to Dongming that this book — which he had acquired for quite the pretty price — was most probably a forgery. Collecting ancient texts is an exhausting and expensive endeavor, and requires tightening your belt from time to time in order to make ends meet. Dongming couldn't help but smile bitterly as he reflected on the misfortunes he'd faced in life. His parents and wife had already passed away, and now these books were his only escape from the sorrows of living.\nWith a voice overflowing with emotion, he sighed: "Mortal lives are full of tribulation, while the adepti are unconstrained and carefree. I doubt I'll ever have the fortune to meet an adeptus."\nGazing down through her spectacles, Xianyun looked upon the haggard-looking book-collector for a moment, before replying: "It is said that in ancient times, people who sought the path of the adepti had to pass the trials of heaven and earth, and only then might they be granted the opportunity to prove their true intentions. The tortuous path to becoming an adeptus was no less painful than the agonies of mortal life."\n"You're right... I've let myself get carried away."\nAfter a brief exchange, Dongming accompanied Xianyun back out of the library. Just before parting, she suddenly looked up as if she had recalled something, and said: "Despite the fact that your book isn't genuine, if I were you, I'd consider taking that old lock on your door to an antique dealer. You might just find that it's worth at least as much as that book."\n"And as for adeptal affinity... I wouldn't lose hope quite yet either. You have plenty of time ahead of you, so stay vital and look to the future."\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nThe prevailing school of historical thought holds the following to be true: "Since the beginning have things existed, the heavens and earth bounded by their limits, as do the myriad rivers of the world — extending off into the four directions — all know a beginning and an end. Through the cosmos, the immortals came into being without waiting for the gods, acting without waiting for light and dark — moistening the woods and grass, soaking into metal and rock, their way of nature, their beginning unknown, their end unknowable." In simple terms — the world has its limits, and the adepti were not in fact created by the gods.\nBefore the word "Liyue" even existed, the adepti already inhabited the mountains of this land. Among their number, some took it as their duty to protect the world and its people, while others were set on tyranny. Parts of this history have been recorded in "Full Record of Pristine Pavilion":\n"The drought demon ran amok, setting the naked wilderness ablaze. The people's hearts were fumigated, driving them to the brink of despair. Beset by clouds of pestilence and miasma, they were gripped with worry. Who could they turn to? Who would save them?\n"Upon arrival, the adeptus borrowed the wind to retain the clouds. Immediately, the clouds gathered together, and abundant rain burst forth from the heavens. Drought and plague were both driven away, and the people were saved."\nIt was this adeptus, respectfully addressed as "Cloud Retainer" by later generations, that saved humanity from the demon of drought in their hour of need. Filled with gratitude, the people recorded her deed of great benevolence with these words.\nLater on, the great war broke out among the gods. The values and compassion of Morax, the God of Contracts, won him the favor of Cloud Retainer and the other adepti, and so they followed him into battle, campaigning widely across the land. Finally they prevailed, restoring peace to the land and prosperity for the people.\nTales of that bygone era, with its heroes and adepti beyond number, have never failed to fascinate and impassion posterity. The towering figures of the adepti have imprinted themselves upon the very fabric of history, inspiring countless moving legends that have grown together with the people of Liyue. But when Xianyun hears humans tell their stories about the adepti, especially the parts about herself, she rarely seems to show excitement.\nOver the years, Jueyun Karst — which once echoed with the sound of joyful music — has become an unbearably lonely place to reside in. Nearly all her dear friends that once laughed by her side have perished in the raging fires of that war. Sometimes, the emptiness inside her is quite overwhelming. And though her companions sacrificed themselves willingly in defense of the world, she cannot help but lament their passing.\nBut despite this, the ironclad pact that was made with Rex Lapis all those years past still holds her to her vows; the contract is a living testament to the united determination and aspirations of all the adeptal hosts. The thought of forswearing her oath and leaving has never once crossed Xianyun's mind. More than anything else, she values the ties of friendship that bind her to her companions — if it was just to uphold the wishes of her deceased adepti friends, she would never abandon Liyue at a time of need.\nWith a mixture of regret and determination swirling through her heart, Xianyun's swelling thoughts gradually began to reside, and she listened in silence as the remainder of the human legend was told. When it was finally over, her response was simply:\n"A compelling story indeed."\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nIn the days before their friendships were torn asunder, the adepti would gather from time to time and fill Jueyun Karst with the merry sound of song and music.\nStreetward Rambler had the best sense of melody and played the zither with great beauty, while Guizhong was a natural composer.\nThe yakshas Bonanus and Indarias would often accompany Cloud Retainer, beating time and singing along to Streetward Rambler's melodies. Sometimes, when she was excited, Cloud Retainer would take on all kinds of different forms as she danced along with the gentle breeze.\nOn such occasions, the creatures of the mountains and rivers would raise their heads and prick up their ears, standing transfixed as they quietly enjoyed the blissful adeptal music. Other adepti too would stop to listen with gladness in their hearts.\nNowadays, a quietness has fallen upon Jueyun Karst, broken only by the whistle of the wind and the chirping of the birds.\nOccasionally, deep in the heart of Mt. Aocang, the sound of Cloud Retainer speaking with her disciples might be heard from the innermost recesses of her abode.\nOver the years, her compassion has driven her to take in many disciples. Some have tragic stories indeed, yet through years of assiduous training are no longer shrouded in melancholy, like buds that have weathered a frost emerging defiant from the melting snow.\nWatching them often brings her great joy. They embody the hopes that her friends once cherished, and thus through them their spirit lives on.\nThis is precisely why she's so protective of her young disciples. At times, her overflowing desire to care for them seems to overwhelm and confuse them — but she doesn't mind.\nAfter all, the young ones have never known the agony of being separated from their friends, nor beheld the sight of blood-soaked battlefields. How could they possibly know how much they meant to her? As long as they stay safe and sound, that's all that matters.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nNatural laws are mysterious and elusive, and thus do each of the adepti have their own unique methods of training.\nCloud Retainer espouses the investigative study of underlying laws. Wisdom must first be sought from external sources before insights are verified internally. One must refine oneself from the outside in, aligning inner thoughts with external realities to achieve a state of unity. The purpose of investigation is to explore the principles of all things, and thereby discover the universal truths that lie within. All that is in the world, sentient or not, embodies a set of principles — and only by researching and studying these principles can one understand the laws that all things obey. This is the way of true cultivation.\nThe fruits borne by millennia of such devotion have been great indeed, and naturally it is this wisdom that sets her apart from mortal folk. That they live such short lives seems a great pity to her, for even if it was her desire to do so, she would not have the time to teach these beings the full extent of her wisdom in its purest form. Besides, those with more limited faculties often found it difficult to comprehend such profundity, even with her guidance.\nBut after an intense bout of thinking, something occurred to her.\nThough mere mortals might have great difficulty apprehending the laws of nature through experience, she herself could invest truths into ingenious devices, and thus enlighten humankind through the medium of mechanics.\nFirstly, given that the laws of nature are profound and enigmatic, if she could dismantle them into a myriad of smaller principles and spread this knowledge through the world, perhaps this would help humans grasp them better.\nSecondly, basing production on the principles of mechanics would save an inestimable amount of manpower and resources.\nIf machines could be used to wash clothes, people would no longer have to lie there in their beds listening to the sound of clothes being laundered in the dead of night.\nAnd if people could use machines to walk, there'd no longer be such a thing as a long, arduous journey.\nIn the present day, peace prevailed throughout Liyue, and the land no longer relied on her to deliver it from drought by the blessing of a timely rain — nowadays, the people themselves could save their fields through irrigation. The fires of war were all but extinguished, and the people were content, now longing for prosperous lives.\nIn an age like this, upholding contracts and protecting the world was no longer simply a matter of slaying monsters and exorcizing demons. Creating mechanisms to improve people's lives was another equally valid way to achieve the same end.\nA mortal's life is limited, and expecting them to fully grasp the laws of nature or devote their whole lives to building an enduring legacy was simply unrealistic. But with her help... perhaps creating an earthly paradise wasn't just a pipe dream after all.\nThough the songs that rang through Jueyun Karst would never be heard again, the laughter that resounded in all corners of the city could still be preserved... That was something she could do, and something she yearned for from the bottom of her heart.\nBesides, Cloud Retainer truly is passionate about her mechanisms, to the point that she'll often forget to eat and sleep when she's working on a new one, despite how much she loves her fine cuisine.\nNo one knows when it started, but Cloud Retainer's fascination for the study of mechanisms now grips her almost to the point of obsession — something that every single one of her disciples is all too aware of...\nJadevoid:\n\nLegend has it that the place where an adeptus resides is known as their Jadevoid. The adeptal abodes tucked away among the peaks of Jueyun Karst are just such places.\nThe word "Jadevoid" originates from a spot among the clouds high above Qingyun Peak which overlooks the world below. This is a place that has rarely been seen by mortal eyes.\n"Jade" refers to the foundation of this place, which was made from a single piece of Plaustrite — hence why it floats above the clouds.\nThe true way is found in emptiness, and thus can be attained by traversing the void. Once, those who sought the path of the adepti had to pass the trials of heaven and earth. This place served as the trial of "heaven."\nOriginally, however, the Jadevoid was not created by the adepti as a test of the spirit. Instead, it was created by Cloud Retainer as a locale for reflection and meditation. It was only later that Moon Carver and Mountain Shaper persuaded her to lend this place for the benefit of those who might come seeking the adeptal path. Hearing that Rex Lapis had given his assent and that Guizhong and Streetward Rambler both agreed as well, Cloud Retainer readily gave up the Jadevoid and had a small pavilion built upon it.\nNowadays, few are able to follow the adeptal path, and the Jadevoid — almost nothing now but a legend among mortals — has returned to the care of Cloud Retainer. But today, returning to this place above the clouds, her state of mind has changed.\nThough the vast sea of clouds and the sight of the sun as it rises and sets are as magnificent as ever, her thoughts have begun to drift off to the lively bustle of the mortal world.\nNow, she yearns to live alongside the humans under the name of Xianyun.\n"As it just so happens, I'm starting to feel hungry. How about... some of Wanmin Restaurant's delectable Crab Roe Tofu."\nVision:\n\nThe adepti of Liyue were born amongst the elemental energy that courses between heaven and earth. As pure elemental beings, they are closer to the origin of ultimate truth than ordinary mortals.\nFor Xianyun, channeling elemental power is something that can be done almost subconsciously. She requires the aid of no external focus to do so, let alone a Vision.\nBut now that she's walking the mortal realm in human form, following human rules somehow seems oddly appropriate. To her, using a Vision as a medium to harness elemental power couldn't be easier... so why not?\nXianyun certainly does not value the Vision that she wears on her arm in the same way that a mortal would. But carrying it with her led to a discovery.\nOne time, as she was passing through Dihua Marsh, she came upon a farmer. Despite the fact that he was tall and carried a hoe, he was trembling and immobilized with fear in the face of a pair of short, feeble-looking bandits who were threatening him with daggers. Intending to help, Xianyun stepped forward — but seeing that she was a woman and slightly-built to boot, he tried to persuade her to stay out of it so she wouldn't get hurt.\nBut when Xianyun turned to speak to him, he saw her Vision and immediately took her for a chivalrous hero instead. His tone and posture changed in the blink of an eye, and after bidding her join him in driving off the bandits, he charged straight at them. In the end, the hoe-brandishing farmer singlehandedly repelled the two thieves, with Xianyun merely knocking a dagger out of one of their hands. Yet looking at the shining Vision on her arm, the farmer kept exclaiming how much he wished he had one.\nOf course, the farmer didn't need a Vision — all he really needed was a little courage. But she saw the effect that the Vision had on him, and how his expression changed so completely it was almost as if he had become another person. The profound influence that an external object could exert upon a person became apparent in that instant.\nFor a time, this left her feeling puzzled.\nThough it may be true that everything in this world possesses its own objective characteristics, but changing how you act towards a person because of an external object... surely that was folly in almost all cases. Known for her candor, she has always been easily moved to commend or scorn, but her judgment was always based on essence rather than appearance.\nWhen people are friendly to her, she treats them kindly back; but when they're vile, all she has for them is her contempt. This is how she is when she's Cloud Retainer, so it's how she'll be as the chivalrous hero Xianyun too.\n"Open your eyes and take a look around — I didn't lift a finger. Since you can rely on your own skill to drive away your enemies, you should show some more confidence." Xianyun had said her piece, so with a flick of her sleeve, she was off.\nWith heroism she cleanses the world below, and with wisdom imparts the laws of nature. To this day Xianyun walks the mortal realm still, poised and unaffected.\n~~xianyun ends here~~\nXiao:\nSummary:\nXiao is an illuminated beast who has lived for around four thousand years[Note 1]. In his youth, he was enslaved by an ancient god who learned his weakness and forced to perform cruel, violent acts on the god's behalf, including devouring the dreams of his victims. The god's bloodthirsty path came to an end at Morax's hand during the Archon War; Xiao was freed and Morax bestowed him with the name "Xiao" for his own protection. Xiao became deeply loyal to the Geo God as a result, a trait that continues to the present day.\nWhen Morax rallied the yakshas to help him suppress the lingering hatred and grudges of fallen gods, Xiao was among those who responded.[Note 2] Xiao, under the name Alatus, was one of the five foremost Yakshas alongside Bonanus, Bosacius, Indarias, and Menogias.[7] He also fought alongside many other junior yakshas such as Pervases.\nHowever, over the ages, the yakshas' task wore away their numbers: Not only did they have to fight against the lingering power of ancient gods, the hatred that they had to suppress tainted their own souls and mired them in karmic debt, which incurred enormous physical and psychological pain. Between battle casualties, madness, and desertion, the number of yakshas eventually dwindled to Bosacius and Xiao.[7] Bosacius, too, eventually disappeared and left his belongings behind in Minlin,[8] leaving Xiao as the last Yaksha Guardian. Xiao nearly succumbed to his karmic debt himself at one point, but was saved by the music Venti played during one of the Anemo Archon's visits to Liyue.[9]\nWhile Xiao's callous exterior can make him appear intimidating, much of his outward personality stems from his reservations about the violent deeds he has performed[10][11] and the loss of his allies over the course of the years.[12] Deep down, Xiao is a gentle soul who is curious about humanity, but is hesitant to show that side of himself due to his past experiences and his karma-ridden constitution.[13]\nDue to the nature of his work, Xiao typically avoids humans. Not only does he think his bloody past makes him incapable of fitting in,[10] human souls are less robust than adepti's and his karmic debt taints his surroundings.[2] As a result, few people even in Liyue know much about him or his role in protecting Liyue. Those who do know, as well as other adepti, call him the Conqueror of Demons (Chinese: 降魔大圣 Xiángmó Dàshèng, "Great Sage who Subdues Demons") out of respect.\nAt least 500 years earlier,[14] the Liyue Qixing built the Wangshu Inn at Dihua Marsh, currently run by their agents Verr Goldet and Huai'an, to give Xiao a place to stay and rest as he carries out his duty. He appears to get along relatively well with the two agents: He entrusted Dusky Ming to them,[15] while they cover for his unintended destructive tendencies[Note 3] and express their concern for him during Lantern Rite.[16]\nIn the Traveler's presence, Xiao is more willing to indulge his curiosity about humanity, even if their ways perplex him, and offers to visit Liyue Harbor with the Traveler for the purposes of bonding and learning.[4][5] With Liyue's citizens beginning to self-govern and other adepti withdrawing their presence, Xiao continues defending Liyue and also makes more attempts to understand the people.\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nXiao may have the appearance of a young man, but his true age is something over two thousand years.\nFortunately, people do not tend to underestimate him on the basis of his appearance — one only needs to spend a short time with Xiao to clarify that he is not someone to be trifled with.\nXiao is a man of few words. He is highly dangerous, and has the most piercing gaze you've ever seen.\nHe enjoys a formidable reputation and high level of seniority among the adepti, but is relatively unknown in the mortal realm.\nThis is inevitable. Xiao is not one of those popular deities to whom people pray for wealth and protection, nor is he a mystical sage of Jueyun Karst to whom pilgrims flock in search of divine wisdom.\nNo... If any mortal witnesses Xiao unleashing his true power, it is certain to be under the direst of circumstances — and they will be extremely lucky if they survive the ordeal.\nThis is not because Xiao seeks to harm people. Rather, since Xiao wages a constant war against dark forces powerful enough to devour Liyue in its entirety, any bystanders who witness him in the heat of battle are likely to end up as collateral damage.\nNot that this is a secret worth going around silencing witnesses for.\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nWhat exactly is Xiao wrestling with?\nThe tactful answer would be old grudges, unfulfilled dreams, the lamentations of the vanquished...\nThe unmitigated truth is that Xiao fights against the remnants of the defeated gods from the Archon War, which took place prior to the rise of The Seven.\nMorax defeated those gods and buried their remains beneath the rocks of the earth.\nHowever, gods are immortal. Their consciousness may diminish, but their power and hatred will always remain and spread like poison, relentlessly stirring up chaos for the world and its inhabitants.\nLiyue's rulers, who are aware of the truth regarding Xiao, refer to him in his millennia-long experience as the "Bane of All Evil."\nThe war he fights can never be won, and will never come to an end.\nIt is also an invisible war that no one will ever witness or thank him for.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nXiao is not this yaksha's true name, but a name given to him in the interests of his own protection.\nBack in a younger, more naive time, a god had gotten a hold of Xiao's weakness and forced him to serve as their bloodhound, in which capacity he was forced to perform cruel and violent acts.\nMany died at his hand, many hopes were crushed, and he was even forced into devouring his victims' dreams. As much as it pained him to do this, he was helpless to resist.\nFinally, on the battlefield of the Archon War, Morax, the Geo Archon,[Note 4] had a fateful encounter with the yaksha's master.\nThe current state of the world has already revealed the results of that battle.\nRex Lapis liberated the yaksha and gave him the name "Xiao."\n"In the fables of another land, the name Xiao is that of a spirit who encountered great suffering and hardship. He endured much suffering, as you have. Use this name from now on."\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nTo repay his debt of gratitude to the Geo Archon, Xiao shouldered the burden of protecting Liyue in the millennia that followed.\nHis past of service under the evil god had rid Xiao of his innocence and gentleness. All that remained within him was the means to kill and the weight of his sins.\nThe only way he could be of service to mortals was in doing battle.\nBut what could people do for him in return?\nNo ordinary person would ever stop to ask such a question. The sight of Xiao, even far off in the distance, was intimidating enough to send people instantly running for their lives.\nThat said... if ever someone did want to show some appreciation for Xiao, there is perhaps one thing they could try.\nThere is a certain secret agent of the Qixing who is tasked with supporting Xiao in subduing demons. That secret agent runs a front organization called the Wangshu Inn.\nOccasionally, Xiao stops by the inn for a bowl of Almond Tofu, and if you could see the look on his face when he eats it... there's no mistaking it — he clearly loves the stuff.\nNonetheless, it is not the sweet taste that Xiao hankers after. It's the texture he finds irresistible — apparently, it's very similar to that of the dreams he used to devour.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nWhat exactly is Xiao wrestling with?\nTo those in Liyue's corridors of power, Xiao's battle is against the evil manifestations produced by the remnants of defeated gods.\nHowever, if you asked Xiao the same question, he may well give you an entirely different answer.\nXiao was once enslaved by an evil god and suffered immensely under his rule until finally regaining his freedom at Rex Lapis' hand.\nXiao's powers were highly regarded by the adepti and he seemed to vanquish all manner of evil demons with consummate ease.\nBut the evil gods also held immense power, and their lust for revenge ran deeper than mere mortals could ever contemplate. Xiao relentlessly slaughtered the endless, impure manifestations of their vengeful souls, but in doing so, he caused them to fracture. Eventually, these fragments of their hatred were able to taint Xiao's own soul.\nThe only way to eradicate such hatred is to accept the karmic debt it brings. The magnitude of the bad karma Xiao has accumulated over the years is enough to consume flesh, bone, and soul alike.\nAnd yet, Xiao does not feel any hatred. Having lived for over two thousand years, no single karmic debt constitutes anything more than a fleeting memory.\nNo grudge can last a thousand years, nor is any debt so great that it cannot be paid off in this time.\nXiao has spent many long years alone.\nBut his battles have never been in vain.\nBecause ultimately, the one with whom Xiao wrestles is himself.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nWhat does Xiao fight against?\nThe Traveler understands very well that Xiao fights against the darkness that threatens Liyue. He fights to defend Liyue.\nBut who will defend him?\nThere was once when most of Xiao's strength was spent fighting from dusk till dawn, with him emerging victorious by a mere hair.\nThe reeds in the fields had been sliced to ribbons in the fierce fighting. Plucking his spear from where it had been planted in the ground, Xiao began the trek home.\nWell, one says "home" — yet, where did Xiao have to return to? He was merely leaving the battlefield.\nLong exhausted, Xiao felt the divine hatred that tainted his body take effect.\nLimitless hate flooded his senses, and he fell to the ground in agony.\nBut it was also at that moment that the pain vanished without warning.\nThis was not by Xiao's own strength, for he had been rescued by the sound of a flute.\nThe clear, lovely sound of the flute came over the mountains and rivers, carried on the wind to where he lay.\nAnd clear it continued to ring till the first light of dawn brought with it the startled flight of distant birds.\nIt protected Xiao, massaging his wild senses, and giving him a moment's peace.\nWho was playing this music? Xiao was curious but did not pursue the matter. For he already had something approaching an answer.\nThe last person who could help him was one of The Seven themselves. So this person, too, must be—\nOde to Windborne Wraith:\n\nA scholar of the Sumeru Akademiya once did folklore studies in Liyue, the result of which was a book called "Tour of the Land of Liyue," with separate editions being available in Sumeru and Liyue.\n"Hidden Diamond and Cloudy Moon: Wonders and Folklores of Liyue" is the version available in Liyue, and has had many mystical and magical portions removed.\nThe "Ode to Windborne Wraith" is one of the mystical chapters that remain recorded within the complete version at the Akademiya.\nThe document mentions that though the yaksha were mighty and upright among the adepti, they were bound by their own karma to suffer great horrors and tribulations. As such, they wandered the land in a state of unending suffering.\nThe chapter lists many methods of comforting the yaksha, such as food offerings, holy chants, and the like. These would appease the yaksha and help them to continue defending the peace.\nAs noble warriors among adepti, the yaksha would often descend upon the battlefield in person. However, as conflicts grew over the millennia, they have almost been wiped out. Today, large statues of the yaksha subduing demons remain within Liyue's borders, but they have had their features destroyed.\nBy the by, the language used in that text was so meandering, and its contents so dense, that it sold far fewer copies than the Teyvat Travel Guide and the international cultural summaries written by El Musk.\nVision:\n\nAll adepti are known as the "mighty and illuminated" adepti, and this "illumination" refers to the light of a third "eye" that they possess: a Vision.\nBut do adepti receive their Visions as a form of acknowledgment from Celestia, like humans do?\nXiao no longer remembers the moment he received his Vision. To humans, this would be an unforgettable event. But for him, this was just the beginning of his endless battle.\nThe thing that Xiao truly cannot forget is something different.\nThere are a great many human festivals, and few remember the stories behind them.\nThe greater part of these days coincide with occasions where man-eating monsters were defeated by the adepti host. People imitated their deeds and staged exorcism rituals to remember their ancient heroism, with these practices eventually evolving into celebratory festivals.\nThe hatred and residual might of many of the gods defeated by Morax throughout Liyue will sometimes erupt with abnormal force amid their half-awake, half-dreaming state. Among them, the eruption that takes place during the Lantern Rite is the most extreme in scale.\nXiao has his mission to perform the time-honored "Nuo Dance of Evil Conquering," and so he fights night and day during the Lantern Rite. Thus, he has come to hate it.\nNow, Xiao did not consider battle dangerous. It was due to his hard work that Liyue was kept safe. People lit their lanterns, and the blessed lights shone across the night sky and the nearshore.\nAt that moment, another special feeling blossomed in Xiao's heart. Loneliness? Peace? Or was it his fears for the future? The young-seeming adeptus searched his heart, only to find no answers.\n~~xiao ends here~~\nXilonen:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nAll in Natlan know Xilonen for her great forging skills and her fame as a Name Engraver.\nMany come from far and wide to pay homage to her superb skill. Some hope to commission her to forge them weapons, while others only seek to see the visage of this great smith, such that they might have information of great interest to talk about.\nBut Xilonen couldn't care less about what all her customers are thinking. No matter what kind of ridiculous, fancy titles others give her, before all the honors and accolades, she is first and foremost an artisan. All she need do is refine the ore, and surely and steadfastly hammer it into its final shape one blow at a time, in accordance with the customer's requirements. Reputation will not strengthen the blows of her hammer upon the anvil, nor will slander cool the coals of her furnace.\nHowever, when a customer steps into her workshop, it is not the heat of the furnace that welcomes them, but rather a long form filled with blanks needing to be filled in.\n"I'm happy to take the commission. But first, we need to iron out the details."\n"Effective communication means efficient work. Come on, let's talk about just what you want."\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nIn the eyes of most people from Natlan, tempering tales and forging Ancient Names is a duty without parallel.\nThe lofty spirit and innumerable heroic deeds that Ancient Names embody serve as the very foundation upon which Natlan stands.\nAs those who forge Ancient Names, it is only natural that Name Engravers have been invested with all kinds of fanciful ideas related to these Names in the popular imagination.\nSome have described them as solitary ascetics who refine themselves through arduous training done in isolation; others as battle-hardened veterans who carry the glory and scars of countless battles; others still as chosen ones of extraordinary talent who, having gleaned their knowledge from mysterious sources, shouldered the burden of forging Names...\nOh, and not to mention those who speak of one personally chosen by the Wayob — a hero who, blessed by the Wayob's guidance, underwent a seemingly endless series of mythical trials, vanquishing powerful foes beyond number, and at journey's end, finally uncovered the answer that had long lain buried in his heart...\n"Xilonen, are the stories true? Is that how Name Engravers gain their power!?"\nWhen a gaggle of curious young Children of Echoes finally managed to track down Xilonen, the current Name Engraver, who'd hidden herself away in the treetops for an afternoon nap, she yawned and replied in a tone of resignation:\n"First of all, forging Ancient Names is a matter of technique."\n"Huh? But..."\n"Meaning that the key is to study hard, then put what you've learned into practice."\nBut before she could even finish imparting her words of wisdom, the children had already scampered off, wearing dissatisfied pouts. Their wild yet simple imaginings had been disappointed, dropping to the ground like a balloon weighed down by a basket of obsidian. Until another such idea occurred to them, reviving their fantasies and carrying them off into the clouds, they would continue to learn — whether willingly or not.\n"Heh, it's not like I was lying..."\nThe Name Engraver lay back down, shaded from the sunlight by a canopy of lush vegetation. This was the perfect place for a nap, and the next half an hour or so would be more than enough for her to recharge, ready to tackle the heavy tasks that awaited her.\n"The only way anyone can ever hope to make those stories come true is by studying their tail off first..."\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nIn most of her academic studies regarding Ancient Names, Xilonen was only ever interested in the purely technical side of things.\nHow to create the most efficient Phlogiston Engravings, how to power various devices using phlogiston, how to make modifications to existing engraving diagrams...\nWhenever such technical classes began, her fellow students could not help but begin to doze off, their eyelids drooping as sleepiness set in. One by one, they would lean forward onto their desks and drift off to dreamland.\nEventually, Xilonen would be the only student still awake. Under her tutor's approving gaze, she would even raise the notebook she was holding and ask questions of her own.\n"Do Phlogiston Engravings rely on phlogiston flow to operate? If I were to dive into a pool of pure phlogiston, would the engraving diagrams on my body activate, shut down, or blow up?"\n"Does phlogiston exist in a gaseous state? If so, then imagine I were to fill a chimney with it and drop a piece of meat from the top — how tall would the chimney have to be, and how dense the phlogiston, for the meat to be fully cooked at the exact time it reached the bottom?"\n"If losing about 20% of their body fluids can have life-threatening consequences for humans, then how much phlogiston would a Candlecap Mushroom need to lose before it withered or lost its heat?"\nThough these questions may strike some as incisive, even slightly peculiar, they did not annoy Teyiz, the renowned Name Engraver, who did not think in the slightest that Xilonen was asking them to cause trouble.\nThe highly respected Teyiz was simply amazed that Xilonen had the patience to endure such tedious classes.\nMost children had no interest in such things, preferring classes where the elders told them legends about the heroes of the various tribes. They would imagine themselves as those heroes, skipping right past all the hardship and pain, going straight for fame and glory.\nXilonen, on the other hand, had no interest in these stories. Yet to ensure that she passed her exams on such subjects, she would "bribe" her classmates with milk candies, getting them to lend her their notes. She would proceed to copy it all down, then force herself to memorize everything, just to get a score that would not raise eyebrows.\nHer strength and her passion lay not in empty fantasies, but rather in precise axioms and equations. As far as she saw it, these were the only things that would benefit future generations; these were the things that were worth studying.\nAs for those stories... Well, they were neither accurate nor concise, lacked both definitions and axioms, and were simply too chaotic to follow. They held no value for her beyond the points they were worth on the exam papers.\nDespite seeing all of this, Teyiz chose not to immediately stop Xilonen, nor did she tell her off.\nBut when the next class was about to begin, and Xilonen got ready to roll out one of her usual excuses — like having a stomachache, or feeling dizzy, or catching a cold — Teyiz cut right through them, one and all.\n"I once thought the same way as you do, Xilonen."\nThus did the kindly Name Engraver address her student, patting the notebook of equations that she held.\n"But remember — for us Name Engravers, stories and equations are, in essence, one and the same."\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nIn their classes, the children would sit in a circle around Teyiz the Name Engraver, listening to her stories about the heroes and their deeds.\nSundjatta, Menilek, and countless other heroes who rose up to fight for Natlan, laying down their lives in the name of justice and virtue.\nThe children were utterly captivated. Though they had read similar stories in books before, the way Teyiz told them was much more detailed, and far more vivid.\nThere was one hero who pulled down a stalactite, using it as a spear to pierce a monster's eye; and another who crossed a deep ravine with naught but a single length of rope in solo pursuit of a wicked dragon...\nLayer upon layer of exciting detail brought these heroes to life, making them flesh and blood in the children's minds.\nBut an abundance of detail creates greater possibilities for contradiction.\nThe first child to look up and challenge the storyteller was a little boy who had read many books and had many questions.\n"Excuse me, Ma'am, I have a question. In the records I've read, this hero went hunting in the company of his companions. But in your story, he's alone. Why is that?"\nTeyiz responded gently:\n"I've read that version too. So, which one do you think is closer to the truth?"\nBlinking, the child replied:\n"I... Uhh... Well, that's what I read..."\nThe elderly Name Engraver laughed, then patiently rejoined:\n"Then you are questioning the truth on the basis of a single opinion, and have neither proof nor evidence."\nThe child, still refusing to concede defeat, puffed out his chest and replied:\n"Stories... How can there be evidence for stories? There are so many out there in the world, it would be impossible to prove them all."\nAfter all, most stories and legends are passed down from mouth to mouth, so over time it is inevitable that they will change and evolve. Even the same tale, the same hero, might end up being portrayed in entirely different ways by the storytellers of different tribes.\nXilonen, who had been listening for quite some time now, closed her eyes in boredom and began working out a new set of formulas in her head. The idea that there was no order to be found just about summed up her view on the subject too, and as such, she concluded that it was unworthy of further attention.\nTo their surprise, Teyiz nodded to show her approval of the child's answer, and then said:\n"You speak the truth. Natlan is an ocean of heroic legends, and perhaps there really is no way to verify such stories."\n"Through generations of oral tradition, countless stories have been twisted or exaggerated, focusing on one person's great achievements, while secretly diminishing another's..."\n"But one day, it will be you that holds the forge hammer, and you will be the one tasked with forging the heroic deeds of those who have gone before into Ancient Names."\n"When that day comes, if the heroic deeds you are to engrave are likewise the subject matter of countless unverified tales, and the focus of unstemmed controversy and debate..."\n"How then will you strike the hammer? How then will you know which version to settle on?"\nDespite having been laughing just moments before, the sudden weight of this responsibility made the children fall silent.\n"Legends have their patterns, and stories, too, their truths."\n"You have heard many stories, just as you have read many scrolls."\n"Now, it's time for your next class."\nVery slightly, Xilonen opened her eyes.\nIf stories were to be approached from such an angle, she thought, perhaps there might be more in them than she'd given them credit for.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nThe classes continued.\nUnder her guidance, the children slogged their way through a sea of books and scrolls, their faces scrunched up in frustration, reading the heroic stories over and over again — the same ones, in fact, that they had already heard a hundred, even a thousand times before. They combed through every detail, hoping to find connections that could link these stories to other records, trying to add a rough but traceable chain of evidence to prove their credibility.\nThe children, who once found those very same tales to be a source of endless excitement and entertainment, now found themselves thinking of ways to avoid the class.\n"If we keep studying like this, I won't want to read another story... ever again!"\n"I know, right? Everything has to be so... down-to-earth! It's so boring when there's no room for the imagination!"\n"How come you're so into this, Xilonen? Weren't you the one who used to hate reading stories the most?"\nXilonen's classmates looked at her quizzically, watching as the pile of notes in front of their clever friend grew ever higher. It was like she had become a different person.\n"It's not that I don't like reading stories. I just don't like reading stories that aren't backed up by proof or without any basis in fact."\nXilonen replied with an air of nonchalance, lazily propping up her chin in the palm of her hand.\nImagination is a bit like the breeze that blows through the cliffs — light, cool, and all around. Yet no one can pin down the shape of the wind, nor can they force it to stay by their side.\nBut if there was a way to bring the wind down and turn it into something dark, hard, and silent as stone; a way to forge formless stories into something tangible... For Xilonen, a thought experiment like that held some appeal indeed.\nBut in her heart of hearts, Xilonen did not want to become a Name Engraver. She had no interest in capturing fleeting breezes, nor could she summon up the motivation to haul heavy stones around.\n"I don't want to forge Ancient Names. There are so many people in the tribe — why don't you just find someone else to do it?"\nXilonen had often observed her father at work. He always wore a big smile on his face whenever he talked business with others, but when the time came to start swinging his hammer, his face would naturally settle into a grim expression. Work always seemed to drain people of their energy, leaving them exhausted both mentally and physically.\n"Dad, why did you become a Name Engraver? You must have had a pretty important reason."\n"Not really, nothing particularly important. I just thought that people who listened to stories... They have a responsibility to pass them down to others too." Her father replied as he put down his hammer, wiping the sweat from his brow.\n"But aren't there much simpler ways to do that? You could just write down the stories on a scroll, or carve them into stone."\n"True. Just passing on stories is simple enough."\nHer mother took out a comb, getting ready to give Xilonen a new hairstyle.\n"But not everyone is willing to pass on true stories."\n"Then what about Ms. Teyiz?"\n"She... is one of the few who are willing to do so."\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nTeyiz's funeral was held on a low mountain outside of the tribal settlement. For her tribe, the passing of this Name Engraver did not come as a surprise.\nShe had grown old, and often told those looking after her that she could hear the whispers of the Wayob in her dreams.\nBut she said that she couldn't leave just yet, as there were still things she needed to pass on — once she had found the right person, of course. She could not answer the Wayob's call until that time had come.\n"...With the blood of this land."\n"Burn away all impurities, and souls gather in the fire."\nAnd with that, Xilonen let go of the torch, and the pyre began to roar.\nShe stayed there the entire night. The next morning, she gathered her teacher's ashes into an urn and placed them in the cave she had always spoken of.\nYet in the world outside, Teyiz's story scattered like a wild wind blowing through the valley.\nOne person, for instance, claimed that he had been initiated into the true craft of forging Ancient Names by Teyiz herself, producing a signed book from her as proof. Another said that she had left them her workshop, showing the key as evidence. But Xilonen did not concern herself with such petty bickering, such maneuvering for personal gain. What troubled her more deeply were the more insidious lies.\n"Apparently, when Teyiz taught the stories of our heroes, she would sometimes question their grounding in truth..."\n"So you heard that too? Good grief... It all sounds quite academic, but what about the children? Surely there's a risk of them being led astray?"\n"Exactly what I was thinking! And I also heard that when she was young, Teyiz concerned herself with nothing other than technical research. Should someone like that really have been teaching our young ones the right way to go about forging Ancient Names? Hmm..."\nThrough word of mouth, Teyiz's story was twisted beyond all recognition — one moment held up as a paragon of virtue and selflessness, the next as a pernicious schemer driven purely by ulterior motives. In one version, she was the hero; in the next, a petty villain.\nWhen people fail to grasp the wind, they instead begin to create for themselves a variety of boxes, then claimed that the wind was whatever shape they'd made.\nBut the true story will only ever be — can only ever be — that dark, heavy stone.\nThe next day, the tribespeople were shocked to see that Xilonen, usually so laid-back, seemed like a changed person. As if driven by an endless store of energy, she traveled all over the Children of Echoes' lands, interviewing everyone and anyone connected to Teyiz, reviewing every document she could find that mentioned her old teacher's name. Yet that wasn't enough for Xilonen. She left the tribe, consulting couriers from the Scions of the Canopy, meeting musicians from the People of the Springs, requesting access to the woven scrolls of the Masters of the Night-Wind, scaling the cliffs of the Flower-Feather Clan, stepping through the gates of the Collective of Plenty... With the utmost rigor and painstaking care, Xilonen meticulously recorded every single trace that Teyiz had left out there in the world.\nNot only were these documents what she needed to refute the slanderous stories and malicious rumors about Teyiz — they were enough to dismiss the strange titles that some had bestowed upon her too.\nWhat Xilonen wanted to leave behind was a true, unblemished version of Teyiz.\nOnly flawless ores of the utmost strength could be refined, forged, and eventually tempered into something worthy of being handed down to posterity.\n...\n"Xilonen, why did you set out to become a Name Engraver in the first place? It all looks so tiring..."\nXilonen's hammer blows rang out loud as her apprentices watched her, resting their chins in the palms of their hands.\nXilonen paused for a moment to wipe away the sweat from her brow.\n"I never really did. But my father, my mother, my teacher... They all did before me. So what choice did I have?"\n"And besides..."\nShe raised her hammer once more.\n"Someone has to shoulder the responsibility of telling stories, right?"\n"Dance-Off Stage":\n\nGiven the choice, Xilonen would prefer making intricate practical tools over forging Ancient Names any day of the week. Things like compressed phlogiston sprayers that let you create Phlogiston Engravings at range, phlogiston-fueled wings that allow for vertical takeoff and landing, even super-size sniper rifles, custom-made for a certain someone...\nYet among her many inventions, the one that the Children of Echoes have come to know best is without a doubt her specially modified "Dance-Off Stage."\nAt that time, the latest Drillbit Dance daily dance-off had just kicked off. Dancers took the stage one after another, the searing intensity of their moves and beats as hot as molten lava, driving both the audience and the performers themselves into a state of great excitement.\nBut just as the contest reached its climax, the old Dance-Off Stage suddenly went haywire. The rhythm and sound became a total mess, making sharp, piercing noises that almost caused a dancer, who was just getting ready to attempt a particularly tricky move, to fall flat on their face. Below, the audience had their hands firmly clamped over their ears.\nJust as the stage technician began to scratch their head, at a complete loss for how to claw back this embarrassing situation, the music suddenly stabilized. The Dance-Off Stage was back in action; and hearing a languid voice say "Testing, testing, one, two, three..." the crowd's attention turned to Xilonen, who they saw holding a bundle of wires in one hand and propping up her chin in the other.\n"Testing, testing... Can everyone hear me?"\nAlmost instinctively, the dancers nodded back.\n"Good. Well, in that case, let's get started." Dropping the wires on the ground, Xilonen gave the blinking technician a pat as she sauntered past.\n"Let me handle the next track for you too."\n"Xilonen, you... y—you can DJ!?"\n"Just listen."\nNo sooner had she finished speaking than a new melody, more powerful than any that had come before, began booming out from the stage. After a moment of stunned silence, the audience erupted, cheering even more enthusiastically than before.\nWhen the Drillbit Dance daily dance-off came to a close, the organizer paid Xilonen an official visit, hoping to convince her to accept the dual role of equipment consultant and special DJ of the Drillbit Dance contest, throwing in a more-than-generous compensation package to sweeten the deal.\nBut Xilonen declined both titles and compensation, agreeing only to modify the Dance-Off Stage and any related equipment during her free time.\nAs the conversation ended, the organizer scratched their head and asked:\n"Xilonen, none of us had any idea you were such a good DJ... Where did you learn to do that?"\n"I picked up a few things when I went over to the People of the Springs to learn about record pressing, but I've been so busy that I've never had a chance to try them out. Want me to teach you a trick or two?"\n"No, no, no, it'll all just go in one ear and out the other..." came the organizer's reply, batting off the idea with a vigorous wave of the hands. "But seriously, don't you want anything in return? This is such a big ask, and besides, you're always so busy to start with."\n"Well... I do have one request — if you'll consider it."\n"Please, ask away!"\n"Once I don't have to forge Ancient Names anymore, let me come work for you as an official DJ. How about that?"\nVision:\n\nWhere should the first hammerstroke fall?\nAs Xilonen gripped the haft, preparing to get started on the first Ancient Name she had ever forged, she hesitated, unsure of how to strike.\nShe had done plenty of research and prepared everything that was required. Just a few days before, she had followed a mining team from the tribe into the mountains to find ore of the very finest quality. She had also asked her dad to modify the furnace so it could hold even more phlogiston, igniting a fiercer and hotter flame that would be intense enough to melt any ore. She had specially re-engraved all of the phlogiston engraving diagrams in the workshop, ensuring that every spark that flew during the forging process was under her complete control.\nAlright, Xilonen, everything's ready. Strike while the phlogiston's hot, huh? So... Where should the first strike fall? What pattern should I forge? How many strikes will it take?\nSilence filled the workshop, and even the flames dared not crackle, lest they disturb the craftswoman at work.\nPlacing her hammer aside, Xilonen picked up a comb fashioned from the tooth of a wild beast in its stead. This comb had been polished sleek and smooth, investing the intense fire that reflected off its surface with a mild, gentler warmth.\nIts previous owner was a kindly old woman. Whenever Xilonen used to slack off, she would offer to comb her hair as a way of coaxing her back to study.\nThe old woman would also braid her hair into beautiful, intricate plaits — so complex, in fact, that even Xilonen's mother could not work out how to recreate them, and eventually had to ask for her help. After all, above all others, those were the plaits that Xilonen loved.\nThe story of Teyiz the Name Engraver resurfaced in Xilonen's mind. That was a story she had hunted down and gathered herself; and now, she would be the one to forge it into a Name.\nA hammer blow shattered the silence. Each strike was precise and powerful, and no detail of the story was left untold. Even the most fleeting nuances now rose up before her, ready to be wrought by her hammer.\nAs the final drops of phlogiston were consumed and the furnace began to fade, before her she beheld a brand-new Ancient Name.\nTeyiz's story had been imprinted into this Name, never to be distorted again.\nAs for whom the Wayob would bestow it upon... Well, that was the Wayob's concern, not hers.\nXilonen stood up, dusted off her clothes, and began to tidy up her workshop. She bent down to toss away a few unused pieces of ore into a basket — they were all of excellent quality, and could certainly be re-used for something else.\n"Hmm, wonder what I should eat later? Didn't Mom say we'd be having fish for dinner...?"\nOne, two, three... the lumps of ore clinked as they landed in her basket.\nAbsorbed entirely by her dinner plans, Xilonen didn't notice that there was something quite special about the fourth, amber-colored "ore" in her hand.\nWith another soft clink, the Vision landed in her basket too, which Xilonen then carried out of the workshop and casually left outside.\nHumming a song, Xilonen went off to eat her dinner. It was only during her next forging session that she would finally notice this special "ore" of hers.\nIt was a gift; but also, a responsibility.\n~~xilonen ends here~~\nXingqiu:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nEvery merchant in Liyue Harbor knows of Xingqiu from the Feiyun Commerce Guild.\nAll see him as a kind and well-mannered young man who is an excellent student, a top talent in every sense.\nAs the second-born son of the family, Xingqiu is not required to shoulder the burden of managing the Guild's affairs. However, Xingqiu possesses a unique scholarly talent among his peers — that is, the offspring of Liyue's wealthiest merchants — and was often praised by his tutors as a young student.\nXingqiu's elder brother, while learning the family business from their father, firmly believed that Xingqiu would become a great asset to the business one day.\nHowever, little did he know that Xingqiu, after finishing the dauntingly thick volumes on commerce and philosophy, would hollow them out and sneak martial art novels into them, which he read incessantly thereafter.\nSometimes, Xingqiu suddenly disappears for hours at a time with no explanation. When asked why, he simply replies: "A moment of solitude."\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nTo Xingqiu, "a moment of solitude" can mean all sorts of things.\nExamples include visiting Wanwen Bookhouse to peruse the latest novels and going to Heyu Tea House to sample Yun Jin's latest drink.\nSometimes, it means that he is off to fight for justice in the name of chivalry.\nDefeating bandits on the road, driving away monsters, helping distressed children by fetching their kites from the tree tops... there are all manner of responsibilities that fall into the category of chivalry.\nInspired by tropes from his beloved martial arts novels — such as the king who wears a disguise and mingles with the common folk — Xingqiu does not hesitate to leverage the power of the Feiyun Commerce Guild to resolve more complex issues when violence isn't the answer.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nOne day, Xingqiu's older brother came looking for him, only to find he wasn't around. When Xingqiu later returned, he came across his brother in the hallway.\n"Your room was a mess, so I cleaned it up. Listen, both you and I are responsible for the reputation of Feiyun Commerce Guild. We have to act the part. If you can't clean up a room, how will you clean up the world? An adeptus once said..."\nAfter half an hour of lecturing, Xingqiu was finally let go, but his brother said something strange at the end:\n"I'll not enter your room without permission next time... I'll make sure the maids do the same."\nXingqiu had no idea what he was talking about. However, as his brother turned away, with a despondent look upon his face, he muttered to himself:\n"Those books under his bed... No. No, I shouldn't go looking at what kind of books they are... Xingqiu is growing up after all... Don't want to be lecturing him all the time... Puberty perhaps?"\nAfterwards, even Xingqiu found it odd. Expecting that one of the maids would have something to say about the stash of martial arts novels under his bed, he had long since prepared his response, but in the end, no one ever bothered to check his room again.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nTo keep Xingqiu from spending his whole day at Wanwen Bookhouse in Feiyun Slope, his father agreed to let him learn martial arts from the Guhua Clan. Much to his dismay, Xingqiu quickly discovered that Guhua was a dying art that had been in constant decline for years. There was no proper tuition and it turned out the luxury dojo he had signed up in didn't even belong to the clan — they had just rented it temporarily to keep up appearances.\nXingqiu's father was, of course, fully aware of this state of affairs in advance. To him, the whole thing was just for fun. He thought Xingqiu would be content to learn a spot of bladework for show, not for serious self-defense.\nHe hadn't counted on the prodigiously intelligent and extremely well-read Xingqiu being as outstanding a talent in Guhua as he was in every other discipline he had turned his hand to. A combination of his own intuition and extensive knowledge of ancient literature meant he was able to completely revitalize the dead art.\nXingqiu was disappointed by Guhua's martial arts program at the beginning, but he found the other tricks they taught to be exactly what he had hoped for.\nQuicklime, smoking sand, paper fish, sword-swallowing, fire-breathing... Xingqiu was spoilt for choice.\nHe decided on the spot that he would learn them all, no matter how long it would take him. He reasoned that they would be useful to have in his repertoire during his future exploits as a chivalrous hero.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nThere are two sides to the swashbuckling Xingqiu's personality. While quiet and unassuming in front of strangers, he is gregarious and chatty in the company of close friends and family. Though more restrained than his elder brother, he even has a playful and mischievous side.\nThe one who usually bears the brunt of his bizarre sense of humor is someone named Chongyun, an exorcist usually found on one of the forest trails around Liyue.\n"Chongyun... I found a haunted house for you to practice in..."\n"Chongyun, you have to believe me... It wasn't me who laid the traps inside that haunted house— What? It's not haunted? Well... I, uh, couldn't have known that, could I?"\n"Chongyun... Don't glare at me like that... Look, you're injured. You'd better just lie there and get some rest."\n"Tell you what, Chongyun, we have a maid who learned the art of essential oil therapy in a nobleman's house in Sumeru... How about I ask her to tend to your wounds? You owe me for this, though..."\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nThe notion of chivalry means different things to different people.\nChivalry means listening to your conscience calling you to action when you see an injustice, right? Or is chivalry simply about knowing right from wrong? No, that's not enough — it must have something to do with being a righteous person...\nTo Xingqiu, chivalry simply means: be good, and do good.\nAs a son of a wealthy merchant in Liyue Harbor, he was born to ride the waves in the world of trade. Notions of chivalry should have gradually left him as he grew up.\nHowever, obtaining a Vision changed everything — it meant he was finally able accomplish those legendary deeds he could only dream of as a child.\nOf course, there is no way he can completely divest himself of his duties in the Guild, but so long as he gets to go out and be the hero even occasionally, he is perfectly content with his life.\nThe only thing that can wipe the smile from Xingqiu's face is when cynics question the true motives of chivalrous heroes.\nRank, reputation, reward, shadowy deals... Whenever Xingqiu hears people smearing the names of true heroes, the expression on his face may not change, but he will be sure to add that person to the special section of his blacklist reserved for people he despises even more than carrots.\n"A Legend of Sword":\n\nXingqiu once wrote a martial arts novel named "A Legend of Sword" based on his own experiences, intending to publish it in Liyue Harbor.\nTo his surprise, his manuscript was rejected by local publishing houses, who believed that no one would have any interest in a story with "a setting as wildly unrealistic as the plot is banal."\nUndeterred, Xingqiu had a few copies printed privately, and sneakily placed them on the shelves of Wanwen Bookhouse during one of his many trips there. But just as the publishers had suspected, it failed to garner much interest from readers. This was quite a blow to Xingqiu's confidence.\nUnbeknownst to him, however, a passing merchant from Inazuma did purchase a copy to bring home, where it received rave reviews. Writers the region over attempted to copy the success of "A Legend of Sword," but none succeeded — it maintains permanent residency in the number one bestseller spot to this day.\nVision:\n\nThe martial arts school known as the Guhua Clan has been in decline for several hundred years now. In its heyday, the name of the Clan rang like steel throughout the harbor. It was said that the Clan harbored three great secret arts — the ways of the "Light Piercer" for polearms, "Rain Cutter" for swords, and "Life Ender" for those who excelled in both. The three arts would be refined over the generations, and with time would reach their apex. Yet the Clan's strength would continue to wane, leading to them losing their influence... The three arts became diamonds hidden in the rough, quietly awaiting a successor.\nAfter many years, the Guhua Clan would finally get one in Xingqiu. It was he who successfully grasped the ancient "Martial Principle" after merely four years of study.\nThe Guhua weapon arts stress using the weapon as an extension of your body, and indeed this is a common idea amongst the various schools of martial arts in Liyue. But the way Xingqiu saw it, the basis of the polearm and sword was the use of a Vision. Martial artists were meant to see a Vision as an extension of themselves, and see their weapon as an extension of the Vision. Hence, he says: the arts of both the polearm and the sword are just the art of the "eye."\nHaving come to this epiphany, Xingqiu took up a quill and penned a verse on the Martial Principle. Reading it, the Guhua head was shaken with tears, declaring that "it is not Xingqiu who needs the Guhua Clan, but the Guhua Clan that needs Xingqiu." Since then, this verse has been sealed up at the Clan headquarters at Wangshan Hall. Disciples are proscribed from reading it, much less outsiders.\nThe verse reads thus:\nGuhua's arts I have studied long, in its secrets I am trained, now its long-lost depths fall upon me like the coming of blessed rain.\nThe beating heart of Guhua's sword art is as a shower of floating flowers. One amidst may seize a bloom, but those without read only doom.\nThe Guhua lance is a lantern's dance, like flames in night's deep glooming. Like sparks, they scatter with ease in the dark, then join like the daybreak looming.\nThey say the sword is as your arm — I say its glint is the beholder's eye, a light like the bright dawn coming.\nThose who wander are burdened not. Freely they cut rain, and enlightened they pierce light. Like a snaking dragon, they cannot be subdued. In their right eye the blade, and in the other the spear.\nThis text should have been free for all to read. The only reason why it was sealed is the dreadful handwriting.\n~~xingqiu ends here~~\nXinyan:\nCharacter Stories:\nCharacter Details:\nRock 'n' roll originates in Fontaine and is just starting to find its feet in Liyue Harbor, where Xinyan is pioneering the art.\nEvery night, she slings on her self-built instrument, steps onto her self-constructed stage, and plays her self-composed songs to a crowd of enthusiastic supporters.\nHer music reflects her personality: bold and defiant, loud and proud.\nShe is no virtuoso, but this doesn't bother her dedicated fans one bit as they let loose and enjoy the show, singing their hearts out and shaking off the stress of the day.\nIn the heat of the moment, the fire that leaps from Xinyan's Vision seems ready to turn night into day.\n"She is a rare rock 'n' roll talent and a master performer who really knows how to create an atmosphere," said a review of one of her live shows in The Steambird.\nLiving in Liyue is expensive, especially when you want to enjoy the finer things in life. But as Xinyan would say to those tied down by worldly worries:\n"If you know how to rock, then it's easier to roll."\nCharacter Story 1:\n\nXinyan does not adhere to traditional performance norms at all. Anything can be used as her instrument.\nThe pillars on-stage, the floorboards, the cheers and yells of the audience, and even the explosions and sparks created by her Vision are valid brushes with which she paints her performance.\nThe impromptu stage often starts to burn somewhere after the halfway mark of the performance, till all that's left is a smoking pile of charcoal.\nAfter many warnings, the Millelith were finally forced to tighten their patrols and try to find ways to stop Xinyan from staging her performances.\nThe subsequent battles of wits tended to turn out in Xinyan's favor — she was often able to find a place to perform, set up a stage with frightening speed, and begin a raucous night with her audience.\nThe more reliable word on the street is that many patrolling Millelith were themselves infected by the "spirit of rock 'n' roll," becoming her loyal fans in the process.\nXinyan would get wind of the Millelith's latest patrol plans from these "friends of rock," and was thus able to avoid their eyes with ease.\nEventually, tiring of the lack of results, and in the absence of any evidence that anyone was harmed during Xinyan's performances, the Millelith came to adopt a "one eye open, one eye shut" approach to her actions.\nCharacter Story 2:\n\nXinyan is tall, has a sharp gaze, and always wears her stage costume in public to keep herself in the right mood for her music.\nIn the eyes of bystanders, this makes her quite the imposing sight as she walks down the street, and many assume she means trouble.\nWhen she lines up to buy a snack, people in front of her in the queue will panic and move well out of her way.\nIf she happens to lock eyes with a young child, even for a brief moment, they will run crying to their parents.\nEven when she has done nothing at all, Xinyan is often suspected of wrongdoing, purely because her fierce appearance makes her look like some sort of heinous villain in the eyes of some people.\nXinyan didn't care all that much about how other people saw her, but she did think that it wasn't a good thing to scare others and make trouble for them, if she could at all help it. Thus, she constantly looked for ways to make a change.\nEvery day when she woke up in the morning, she would look at herself in the mirror and massage her face with her fingers to stretch and relax her eyes a little.\nShe would even practice smiling and study expressions — verbal and facial alike — of great elegance.\nAfter a significant amount of practice, she once came across a group of children bullying another child, and instinctually she went over to rescue the bullied child.\nShe gave the kid what she thought was a friendly smile and a gentle pat on the head. To say that the upset child quietened down after this would not be incorrect...\nHowever, the reality of the matter was that the child was stood there frozen in fear as urine dribbled down their pants.\nAs for the would-be bullies, they screamed and fled in panic.\n"Run! Run! The angry lady's turned into a monster! Sh—She's gonna eat us all!"\n"Hey!!! I ain't gonna eat y'all! ...And I ain't no monster, either!"\nBut it was to no avail. The moment she raised her voice, all her hard work was undone.\nCharacter Story 3:\n\nXinyan has one standard by which she judges all things: is it or isn't it "rock 'n' roll?"\nAll that is just and upright — standing up for those who have been wronged, taking on challenges — is "rock 'n' roll," and all that is reprehensible — fearing the wicked, oppressing the kind, dirty tricks, scheming ways — is "not rock 'n' roll."\nRock is the spirit of rebellion and resistance, yes, but patently immoral acts are nonetheless "not rock 'n' roll."\nXinyan reserves the right to make these judgments, and whether these judgments are based on results or her mood, the difference between the things covered by these two opposing terms is clear.\nThe only catch is that these standards sound odd in certain contexts.\nDue to her fierce appearance, Xinyan nearly has no friends, with Xiangling of Wanmin Restaurant being one of the few exceptions with whom she can speak most freely.\nXinyan has a special reason for coming to Wanmin Restaurant — for musical inspiration.\nWhenever Xiangling is researching new recipes, others may run for the hills, but not Xinyan. She intentionally eats all the experimental products, and amid the taste bud explosion that results from the never-before-seen flavors, inspiration flows into her mind.\n"Tell you what, Xiangling, that dish rocked!"\nThough Xinyan considers this to be the highest praise, Xiangling finds it a little hard to be happy about such ratings.\nCharacter Story 4:\n\nThe eternal subject of rock 'n' roll is resistance.\nBut the thing that Xinyan resists is not a concrete thing, but rather, the conceptual shackles of "prejudice."\nShe was born into a poor family, and her parents placed great stock in her, giving her the best of what little they had in the hopes that she would be able to rise to "become a phoenix."\nOf course, this "phoenix" would have to be something that they would recognize.\nBut things don't always turn out as planned. Xinyan grew to be taller than most girls, and her looks were far from anything that might be considered "cute." Nor was she any good at any of the feminine arts, whether it was cooking, chores, needlework.\nSo, since her childhood was so deeply impacted by such "prejudices," Xinyan understands how terrifying they could be.\nYet becoming a rock 'n' roll star has not caused her to give up on these other arts.\nThis is not only because she hates losing, but because she feels that "giving up because you have no talent" is itself a prejudiced belief.\nNot long ago, a fan of Xinyan's named Yun Jin was invited to her place as a guest.\nBut if Xinyan hadn't opened the door herself, Yun Jin would have thought that she had the wrong house.\nThe house was spick and span, the windows were clean, and the home ornaments were hand-made and immaculately arranged.\nThe cooktop was still moist, indicating that someone had been cooking not long before, and there was half-sewn cloth by the bedside that looked much like the decorations Xinyan wore during her performances.\nWhy, this was practically the room of some refined lady of reputable upbringing, with nary any spirit of rock 'n' roll to be found!\nXinyan was quite worried that this fan of hers would find the difference between their impression of "rock 'n' roll" and this reality too jarring.\nUnexpectedly, Yun Jin's support and fandom would only grow more intense after this.\nCharacter Story 5:\n\nThe way Xinyan sees it, many adults fail to realize their potential because they are tied down by prejudice, giving in to fear and endless anxiety.\nThey do not understand what life is about, or where they are going.\nShe wrote these thoughts into her songs, but invited scorn from the very same adults. "What does this brat know?"\nEven so, Xinyan did not waver. After all, such mockery was born of prejudice towards her age.\nAnd if prejudice were something so easily overthrown, there would be no value in resisting it, would there?\nShe believes that rock 'n' roll is like a seed. After every performance, some seeds might sprout within the hearts of those adults who listen.\nWhen they wake up the next day, perhaps they might receive some inspiration, or perhaps a change of mood will come over them...\nEven if it only changes their thinking a little bit... Perhaps they might find that the real-life troubles they are facing are nothing but a storm in a teacup.\nOf course, few people other than her audience and the "friends of rock" would credit this to rock 'n' roll.\nBut people do nonetheless say this around the tables after tea.\n"Well, having a girl who plays rock 'n' roll is pretty interesting, no?"\nXinyan's Instrument:\n\nXinyan's main instrument is a hand-made lyre of a very unique design. She based it off the rock 'n' roll instruments that were imported from Fontaine before adding additional modifications based on personal understanding.\nFor example, she mounted a crescent-shaped axe-blade on the tail end of the instrument so it might serve as a weapon in a pinch.\nShe also connected it to her Vision, allowing it to spew flames and sparks. Its internals can also spew flame, all the better for it to self-destruct if it falls into the wrong hands, preventing its misuse...\nThe list of modifications goes on, and they are too numerous to count.\nThis instrument is thus unique, and its sound profile is also special.\n—Sorry, what? What do you mean, "these modifications sound like they have nothing to do with music?"\nSounds like you, too, need to attend one of her performances. You'll understand then.\nVision:\n\nXinyan was someone who never fit in in Liyue Harbor, and she only found where she belonged when she encountered rock 'n' roll.\nBut because she lived in a land that had no place for rock 'n' roll yet, she needed to be able to attract enough attention.\nShe immersed herself in the world of music, looking for a way to move people's hearts. She broke many an instrument and played till calluses formed on both hands, but still, it was unsatisfactory.\n"Who'd want to listen to this racket?"\nThe rotten-tomato reviews she received were starting to get to her. She wondered if she should quit.\nSitting on top of Mt. Tianheng, she looked down over Liyue Harbor. But though the lights lit the streets and alleys of the harbor, they could not light the flame of the spirit of rock 'n' roll.\nShe considered leaving, to go someplace where rock 'n' roll was appreciated. But would this not be running away? Would it not be a betrayal of rock 'n' roll's spirit of resistance?\nNo, she would not leave. She would become a "flame" that could light Liyue Harbor up.\nShe started experimenting with the use of fire to move people, adding sparks and explosions to her music.\nBut this was no mean feat for an ordinary person.\nWho knows how many times she must have burnt her fingers or blown her instrument up. But still, she continued to practice every single day on top of Mt. Tianheng.\nAnd perhaps it was that the gods themselves had great expectations of this new form of music that would soon grace the seven nations...\nBut regardless, the boiling-hot Vision would be the final stroke of perfection.\nXinyan dashed down the mountain and began her very first rock 'n' roll concert in Liyue Harbor.\nThus did her musical journey begin, with showers of sparks and explosions keeping time.\n~~xinyan ends here~~\n