Baizhu:
Character Stories:
Character Details:
Baizhu, the owner of "Bubu Pharmacy," is a master of the medicinal arts. He is benevolent and kind, yet also shrouded in mystery and other contradictions.
Despite having countless admiring physicians begging for his attention, he has insisted on choosing a zombie who can barely sort medicinal ingredients to be his apprentice.
And though only a mortal, a talking snake with powerful spiritual energy is always wrapped around his shoulders.
Maladies major and minor may all be mitigated with his medicine, but the physician seems unable to cure himself.
Such a person does not go unnoticed in Liyue, for the greater a person's capabilities, the greater the calamity they could cause should their heart harbor any evil intent.
Yet both public observation and private investigation have not only found no trace of any hidden wickedness, but have seemed to confirm time and time again that his unimpeachable reputation as a benevolent doctor was, in fact, the unvarnished truth.
As for all those inscrutable secrets, Baizhu simply smiles and laughs:
"Good medicine is so bitter, so it shouldn't be a problem to let a good doctor keep a few secrets, no?"
Character Story 1:

Though he was widely known by the moniker "Mr. Bai," Baizhu's last name isn't "Bai." The origins of this misnomer can be traced back to his apprentice at Bubu Pharmacy, Qiqi, and her sieve-like memory.
When she first arrived at Bubu, her memory was even worse than it is now, and she would even forget to return to the Pharmacy at night after going out to gather herbs and ingredients during the day.
Fortunately, Baizhu is always patient when dealing with patients, and doubly so when dealing with Qiqi. At first, he attempted to have her stay at the Pharmacy and rest, but Qiqi was always resolute and could not be dissuaded from harvesting materials, saying: "My responsibility." Helpless to stop her, Baizhu would personally go out to find her each and every time, and remind her of the fact she lived with him at Bubu Pharmacy over and over and over and...
With a memory like what Qiqi sported then, remembering anyone's full name was beyond the realm of possibility. So for a long time, the names "Baizhu" and "Changsheng" were simply replaced with "that person" and "that snake."
Ever one to prescribe just the right medicine for the disease, Baizhu prepared a notebook for Qiqi to write in and review whenever she had time. Finally, there came a morning when Qiqi saw Baizhu and did not cock her head and ask who he was, but said:
"Good, morning. Bai... Bai..."
Changsheng was ecstatic, and immediately extended her body outward, even more excited than Baizhu:
"Yes, yes, Bai-what now? And how about me? Don't forget about me—"
"Mr. Bai." Qiqi answered earnestly. "And, long... long, snake."
"—Outrageous! My name isn't 'long snake'—"
"Remembering things is like curing an illness. One cannot be too greedy for progress, but be satisfied with gradual improvement." Baizhu smiled slightly and nodded, as though having accepted the name "Mr. Bai." In the days that followed, the phrases "Mr. Bai said" and "Mr. Bai won't allow it" were never far from her lips, and the endless stream of customers asking after medicine soon brought the name "Mr. Bai" out of Bubu Pharmacy to every corner of Liyue Harbor.
Qiqi's notebook has been filled to bursting and then some, and today she no longer needs to consult it before recalling Baizhu and Changsheng's names.
But "Mr. Bai" had already found its home in the hearts of some, and it was too late to change it.
Character Story 2:

Baizhu is not only a brilliant physician, but possesses considerable business acumen.
This should not come as a surprise — it would be impossible to operate a such a large pharmacy on the strength of one's medical skills alone.
The prices at Bubu Pharmacy are generally fair, and the pricing strategy for most products is one of high sales with low margins on each transaction. But there is some merchandise priced at a curious premium — such as the "Everlasting Incense," which was 2,990,000 Mora even after a discount.
Usually, the customers for goods like these aren't picky about price, and only care about the quality and effectiveness.
So why head to the market to haggle and search, when you can get everything you need at Bubu Pharmacy? Even if it's a bit more expensive, the peace of mind provided by Mr. Bai's reputation is worth it.
Naturally, price is not Bubu Pharmacy's only competitive advantage. Many of the customers are businesspeople who have become "partners," bringing Baizhu rare herbs from across the land and exporting the medicines he develops to every corner of the world. As the pockets of Bubu's business partners began to bulge, so too did the Pharmacy's ledgers.
But the objectives of Baizhu's plans do not seem to revolve solely around Mora itself. If they did, why would Bubu Pharmacy take care of someone with no positive impact on income flow like Qiqi? It makes no sense from a business perspective.
When encountering unusual or novel diseases, Baizhu often accepts only a token fee, saying "It is difficult to assess a fee for such a rare ailment."
As this practice has persisted, clients from far beyond Liyue have come to seek treatment at Bubu Pharmacy. Baizhu never refuses a patient, and is very willing to treat people from all walks of life, regardless of the disease that afflicts them. Thus has the good doctor cultivated a reputation as a selfless and benevolent healer who makes money elsewhere, presumably so that he can continue to perform acts of kindness far into the future.
But only Baizhu himself understands the truth: Bubu Pharmacy never engages in unprofitable transactions. Some goals are impossible to even think about without massive financial backing and a reliable network supplying resources from across the world. Even with sufficient wealth, those goals would have little chance of success without the right opportunities and a bit of luck.
As for the chance to research the secret arts of the adepti and strange diseases... these are opportunities no amount of Mora could ever buy.
Character Story 3:

Baizhu habitually has a pot of water before boiling a pot of tea after waking up early in the morning. There is never a shortage of pastries at the Pharmacy, both sweet and salty, delivered from nearby shops and from around the neighborhood. This routine has never ceased, and is unchanged through all four seasons.
The snacks are divided into three portions, two large and one small. The large plates are for Baizhu and Herbalist Gui, and the small plate is for Qiqi and Changsheng. Whichever of them so desires can take a bite, and this counts as having had breakfast with everyone.
In addition, the doors of the Pharmacy are always lined with fresh supplies when it opens in the morning: vegetables, rice, fresh fish, melons and fruits... there is always an abundance of food at Bubu Pharmacy.
Baizhu has repeatedly attempted to persuade the community not to give him such gifts, as he does not like to take things from others for free. But the public knows that Dr. Baizhu doesn't always charge for his consultations, and offers steep discounts upon already reduced prices to the people. The child of this family, the grandfather of that household... The number of people who have benefited from his care is beyond count. Of course, since cheaper healthcare means more Mora in the pocket, using the savings to give gifts by way of thanks is a perfectly sensible thing to do. Baizhu's attempts to dissuade his well-wishers were defeated by this logic, and his only remaining response was to ask Herbalist Gui to bring all the gifts from the door into the shop.
After breakfast, the clinic opens for consultations. Baizhu remains in the shop to see patients, and Herbalist Gui delivers medicines wrapped and prepared the previous night to elderly patients who have difficulty walking. Each package comes with a detailed note explaining clearly both the frequency and quantity of medicine to be taken for the convenience of the patient.
When patients begin arriving at the clinic, Changsheng takes leave of her perch on Baizhu's body and wanders about the clinic. If she catches Qiqi performing her calisthenics in the courtyard, she will wind about Qiqi's shoulders and help her keep time with a "one two three one two three," and so on. If she runs into Herbalist Gui delivering medicine in the corridor, she will rest on his arm and ask after the latest neighborhood gossip.
After the talking is done, the medicine weighted and packaged, and the tea has cooled, it is time for lunch. At this time, Baizhu is at leisure to personally prepare a nutritious meal and sweet soup that are both healthy and tasty for all who come to call.
Afternoons in Liyue Harbor are a leisurely affair, with studying children, tottering old grandparents, Millelith carrying spears... An endless patter of footfalls. Changsheng and Qiqi lie by the pharmacy door, basking in the sun and watching the flow of people. They idly observe that the one on the left has let their hair grow too long and needs a haircut, while that one on the right has a rash on their face, and might be suffering from an internal imbalance. The sound of their chatter reaches Herbalist Gui's ears, and fearing disturbing others, he brings over a bench and moves Changsheng and Qiqi back inside the pharmacy.
The commotion reaches Baizhu's clinic, and he listens to their exchange as he writes a prescription. Time is like boiling water in a copper kettle: at once both a turbulent tumult but also sitting quietly beside you.
As night falls, Bubu Pharmacy closes for the day. Herbalist Gui sometimes stays for dinner, and sometimes goes home to eat with his family. Then only Baizhu, Qiqi, and Changsheng remain, and the two people and one snake may eat and drink to their hearts' content, returning to their rooms to rest by the light of the moon.
One cannot call such a day anything out of the ordinary. It is simply a day at Bubu Pharmacy. Though, if Herbalist Gui suddenly had the thought to come back and take a peek before going to bed, more like than not he would happen upon Baizhu teaching Qiqi new exercises in the courtyard to keep her limber.
One-two-three, one-two-three... Morning, noon, and night, spring, summer, and fall — oh, and also winter... Calisthenics and life both have their rhythm.
Character Story 4:

The storyteller rapped the wooden table, opened his mouth, and began to tell a tale of ghosts and demons. Though the public loves to hear these stories, they get old after too many tellings, and so people asked, "is there anything else? You've told the one about the jewel-seller and the one about the thief, what else is there?"
At that moment, Baizhu came down the stairs, and the audience saw him and thought to themselves: Dr. Baizhu has many stories, surely, but putting them into a book might be far too difficult. Other than discussing his exemplary behavior and medical ethics, if one wishes to say a few words about him over tea or after dinner, the most that can be talked about is the Doctor's private pursuit of the adeptal arts and the like, a matter that Baizhu has never intended to conceal.
There are a multitude of visitors to Bubu Pharmacy, and those with sharp eyes cannot avoid noticing the books Baizhu reads in his spare time. In addition to medical treatises are ancient tomes which record the ways in which the adepti may be sought out. In addition, the medicine chests at Bubu Pharmacy contain a multitude of rare herbs and ingredients which are of no use in treating common illnesses, but are constantly used and replenished in an endless cycle. Though the average patient may not understand the arcane implications, those from families which practice alchemy or thaumaturgical arts can instantly recognize that all of these are ingredients used to refine various "Elixirs of Immortality" spoken of in legend.
For most ordinary people, "immortality" is simply too strange a concept. But there are people whose curiosity will be aroused, and who will seek to know just how Baizhu wishes to attain immortality and how far along the road he has come... But this has proved akin to walking on a tightrope at night — it is difficult to take even a single step.
Eventually, news of Baizhu's quest spread. Once the news was leaked, people formed an opinion. Some coveted his knowledge, some opposed this pursuit, and others didn't particularly care about his goal of immortality, but were concerned about the trouble his methods might cause.
Baizhu himself was in his clinic, but his fingers were on the pulse of the street, and he had anticipated this would happen. In the vast land of Liyue, the concerns of the third group of people would be the most difficult to assuage. He had initially planned to quietly dispel any doubts, but the name "Baizhu" had already appeared on the Ministry of Civil Affairs' persons of special interest list. Fortunately, Baizhu always conducted himself impeccably in his daily life, and is amiable and willing to chat with his patients during their consultations. From these visits, he learned that the Ministry of Civil Affairs was keeping a close eye on him.
He saw through their methods, and turned the ears and mouths of the people to his own ends, letting them spread the word on his behalf that his research and approach had no ill intent and would cause no trouble.
Rumors spread more quickly than the most infectious pathogen, and soon the fact his quest was benign had spread to every corner. This push and pull between Baizhu and Ministry continued for some time, but eventually he was able to avoid unwanted attention and his name avoided appearing in the top secret intelligence reports of the owner of Yanshang Teahouse, Yelan.
As for the aforementioned second group of people, their beliefs are already a known quantity, and set in stone. Many are the descendants of a clan that believes firmly in the principle that some things are divinely ordained, and that the impermanence of life and permanence of death are among those immutable truths. It must be pure coincidence that the representative of this second group lives but a street away at Wangsheng Funeral Parlor.
As the saying goes, neighbors are like relatives and friends, and Bubu Pharmacy and Wangsheng Funeral Parlor have had many interactions over the years, and both parties greet each other with a smile when their paths cross in the street. As for those questions of life and death, death and life, the opinion of the 77th Director of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor Hu Tao is as follows: If the matter cannot be explained or settled in a couple words, it's better to have Baizhu over for dinner! And as for a sensible person like Baizhu? Of course one should attend the banquet! Season after season, year after year, without going into too much detail, the two households with very different views have spent many a day together, and could be considered close friends, albeit with each keeping their secrets.
When two parties do not align closely, they merely speak of etiquette. But when they align, one may speak of duty. For Bubu Pharmacy is in the business of healing the sick, and in the course of business it is inevitable that there will be those beyond saving or at the end of their lives. Those with good fortune are cared for by their family, but those less lucky will breathe their last in Bubu Pharmacy. When this happens, Bubu Pharmacy and Wangsheng Funeral Parlor will jointly ensure their final rest is peaceful.
The last rites and journey of the deceased is of great importance, and Director Hu Tao entrusts this to her most dependable consultant, Zhongli. For Bubu Pharmacy, Baizhu cares greatly for those patients who pass away under his care, and personally sees to their arrangements. The two parties hold a ceremony in a secluded thatched cottage in the dead of night. Baizhu sends the deceased there, and the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor consultant holds the ceremony and performs the final rites, carrying out each step in an orderly manner. Even if it is simply going through the motions, the departed may rest in peace.
It is a pity that though the soul has passed on, no living soul will ever thank Bubu Pharmacy or Wangsheng Funeral Parlor on the deceased's behalf. But the heavens wheel ever onward, and so too does the cycle of life and death continue unceasingly. Doctor and Funeral Director and consultant are neighbors by coincidence, friends over the dinner table, but only truly meet heart-to-heart when conducting the solemn duty of seeing off the souls of the deceased. Once they walk out of that thatched cottage, they return to their former selves. As for the aforementioned first type of people, those who covet the secret of immortality, though they are many in number, their methods are crude, and they are easy to deal with.
Bandits are common in the wilderness and in the mountains, and a few particularly stupid and shortsighted ones once ran into Baizhu alone on a mountain road. Baizhu was refining medicine, and the bandits, having heard rumors of Baizhu's quest, came to the conclusion that he had made something of value here in this remote location. They struck, expecting to plunder the secret medicine Baizhu had created. A few hours later, the Millelith arrived at the scene of the crime, having received a report. It was difficult to tell who was the real victim, with the ruffians laid out upon the ground and Baizhu standing beside them with a smile.
"The facts of the case come first, so forgive me for asking," the Millelith soldier began hesitantly, "but did you really come to place this remote just to make cold medicine?"
"If I was refining some special medicine..." Baizhu laughed and shook his head. "Would they ever have found me?"
These stories traveled round and round, eventually returning to the ears of the storyteller. He thought for a moment, then shook his head and sighed: "Forget it. At the end of the day, Dr. Baizhu is just a doctor. What fascinating tales could there be?"
Character Story 5:

Every time the weather turns cold, the threshold of Bubu Pharmacy is crowded with patients seeking a consultation. But today, Baizhu's silhouette was nowhere to be seen. Only his assistant Herbalist Gui was at the counter, prescribing medicine and dispensing medicine. Those with recurring illnesses who visited frequently knew what this meant. It was "one of those days" again, and so they took the medicine carefully wrapped by Herbalist Gui. They offered their best wishes, such as "Please tell Dr. Baizhu to care of himself," and shuffled out the door.
At that moment, Qiqi came in from the doorway and bumped into an old man's calf. Holding her hat tight, she nodded and hurried to the back room with her stiff steps as quickly as she could.
"It's one of those days" isn't a particular time or place, but rather is shorthand for an oft-used statement: The Doctor is ill, and cannot see patients today, so we are sorry you came all the way here for nothing, please come back some other time.
It is hard for physicians to cure themselves, and this is true for Baizhu as well. Baizhu claims that it is simply a chill, but he knows that he has a weak constitution, and all of his internal organs are diseased. Though his life is not in imminent danger, nine out of ten doctors would be dumbstruck, only able to gape in wonder at the nature of this rare and incurable disease. Therefore, whenever his symptoms flare up, all Herbalist Gui and Qiqi can do is bring him hot water, cloth towels, and plates of fruit to show their concern. Baizhu does not wish others to worry on his behalf, and insists on being alone in his room with only Changsheng for company.
With the curtains pulled over the tightly closed windows, the room was dark and gloomy. Baizhu lay down, tormented by the chills and following hot flashes, occasional breathing problems, and intermittent yet intense full-body pains that often came whenever his symptoms flared up. After a bout of agony, he joked to Changsheng, "If I don't make it one of these days, it'll be a giant hassle, won't it?"
Changsheng slithered up the head of the bed and looked down at Baizhu's sweat-soaked visage with human-like pupils. "Oh you, oh you, you may lie, but you may not die. Who is it that wishes to live forever? You are not yet old, and haven't yet experienced a full life."
A man and a snake, the snake with human eyes and the man with snake eyes. A strange phenomenon indeed. Few know the truth behind such an enigmatic anomaly. In fact, the pupils in their eyes are proof of their greatest secret — the contract between them. The result of this contract is the Baizhu of today — practicing medicine to save lives and alleviate the pains and aches of humanity, but also embedding illness deep into his own bones, where they reside forever with no hope of relief.
And in the land of Rex Lapis, God of Contracts, the law is supreme and contracts must be abided by. Liyue is an ancient country with a multitude of spiritual beings and magic, and the contents and types of contracts are equally varied. But Baizhu and Changsheng never discuss the contents of their own contract, and always share the same response: Contract? It's just an agreement, you could say it's just a secret technique with a couple of restrictions on how it can be passed down. Those too old or young, those who are insincere of heart, the inhuman, all of these cannot inherit this technique... What else is there? Oh, yes. "Those not fated to cannot inherit it!"
Qiqi put down the tea tray and hot water, closing the door behind her as she left. Baizhu watched her leave before let out a long sigh, as though he had a thousand worries caught in his throat, but was unable to give voice to a single one. All he could do was shift the conversation to a distant rumor—
In ancient times, there was once a Mt. Yaojun, and the master of the mountain and their tea-loving friend once made a pact to wait until the tea trees on the mountain had grown, then hold a tea banquet, inviting all the adepti to partake of their tea. What a beautiful thing that might have been! But alas, of the two Adepti who made the agreement, one sank into the water like the residual remnants of tea leaves, and the other lost all ten of their fingers for picking tea, and even their memories of the past faded and were forgotten.
Changsheng hissed an impatient reply: "What's so strange about that? The adepti are gone, but don't their tea trees remain? The tree and tea leaves will remember their ancient agreement in their stead. You should worry more about yourself, for if you and I leave, only Herbalist Gui, Qiqi, and the wood of the house and bricks on the floor will remember the two of us."
The name of the contract with Changsheng is known as "Way of the Dragon-Dragging Jade Snake." Only the name of contract is known, and not even Changsheng can explain the details, only that she learned it long ago. If you ask who she learned it from, she cannot recall even a bit of tangential information. Talking about the distant past with Changsheng is often like this. Baizhu is used to listening to her advice, though, and understands she has good intentions. Thus did he vomit up the blood stuck in his throat before sitting up straight against the head of the bed.
Changsheng glanced over: "What're you looking at me for? I don't have hands to support you with."
Cradling the soup made for him by Herbalist Gui and Qiqi, Baizhu slowly drank it. He got through it one spoonful at a time, his eyes never leaving the soup for a moment, as though there was an entrancing scene of spring flowers and autumn leaves at the bottom of the bowl.
The small things, one at a time. The basic essentials of daily life. Life is like soup, boiling and cooking.
Bubu:

In Liyue, a form of divination is often used to predict fortune and peril or ask the gods for guidance. The people of Liyue call their particular art "Zhanbu."
It is said that in ancient times, medicine and "Zhanbu" were tightly linked and often confused. With no scientific understanding of birth, old age, sickness, or death, the ancestors could do naught but pray to the gods for wellness and take medicinal herbs for comfort.
Over time, countless generations experiencing sickness and recovering upon taking different herbs were able to distill their knowledge into a set of rules, making breakthroughs in their understanding of medicine. Thus was medicine born, with trained physicians curing the sick.
After becoming an heir to this medical tradition, Baizhu brought Changsheng to Liyue Harbor to open a pharmacy and practice medicine in the bustling port city. At that time, the following story took place:
According to the traditions of Liyue, new businesses must divine an auspicious time for their grand opening using the art of "Zhanbu." By sticking to the preordained opening day, the business will prosper and enjoy fame and fortune.
But Baizhu did not wait until the day of good fortune. One night, a mother brought her fever-stricken daughter to the door of the pharmacy, frantically pounding on the door.
...
Early the next morning, the neighbors were shocked to discover that the pharmacy had opened several days early, with no fanfare or celebration.
"Aren't you afraid of going bankrupt and losing everything?" Changsheng's voice was full of regret. "All you did was treat an emergency case last night, why would you need to open up shop early?"
Baizhu replied as he wrote a prescription: "Every day delayed is another day the patients must wait for their consultation. Besides, what pharmacy wants business to boom? We aren't hoping for more people to get sick, are we?"
"That doesn't mean you should just throw open the doors without even thinking of a name for our shop! And what about a celebratory message for the grand opening?"
"A name and a message... Then let us send the message that no matter the fortunes of this shop, or the diseases afflicting our patients..." Baizhu picked up the prescription note and faced the rising sun framed through the door. "...Or our fates, we don't need to ask the gods or use divination any longer."
In the language of Liyue, "Zhanbu" is divination, but "bu" can also be the word for a refusal or negation. Thus, he chose a name that enshrined his beliefs.
The rays of sunlight were shining through the door and the thin paper in his hand, with the words written by his hand clear and confident—
"Bubu Pharmacy, Baizhu."
Vision:

When Baizhu was young, his hometown was struck by a horrific plague.
Fortunately, his master was practicing medicine there, and was able to contain the spread.
But no miracle could bring back the lives that had already been lost. Having lost both his parents, Baizhu began to follow in the footsteps of his master, learning the physician's art.
The world is full of strange and complicated diseases, but Baizhu's master was always able to provide treatment. Studying with his master, Baizhu learned a simple truth: Disease is dangerous, but it can ultimately be overcome with human intellect.
...Until the day finally came that Baizhu's master was completely exhausted by the maladies brought on by a contract, and could hold on no longer.
Though Baizhu had learned much in those years, he was still unable to do anything in the face of such a complicated and serious affliction.
That most intractable disease in the world, the one with no cure or answer — death — had finally come for his master.
Was there really no escape from sickness and death for mortals?
The memories of his parents coughing blood from his youth had grown hazier over the years, but the scene of the cold tombstone of his master was crystal clear before his eyes.
Standing before his master's grave, Changsheng's normally playful words were tinged with an imperceptible sense of melancholy.
"Who knows how many more people will take on this contract..."
Baizhu did not want to see yet another precious life slip away before his eyes.
"No. This contract will end with me."
When he next opened his eyes, they shone with a golden light, as though they were unquenchable candles. The first thing reflected in his now vertical pupils was a Vision, appearing briefly like a firefly on his master's tombstone.
The Vision was like the gaze of a god who had witness to everything, but it was also like those of his master, gentle and full of expectation.
~~baizhu ends here~~
Barbara:
Character Stories:
Character Details:
Barbara is the Deaconess of the Church of Favonius, as well as the shining idol of Mondstadt.
"The sight of Barbara makes all my problems disappear." This is quite a common saying among the citizens of Mondstadt.
In fact, Barbara can do much more than just put people in a better mood: Her healing powers extend to flesh wounds and other physical ailments.
Barbara is known to have access to miraculous healing powers through her Hydro Vision.
However, Barbara herself knows that hard work is the most miraculous magic of all.
Character Story 1:

Every citizen of Mondstadt adores Barbara.
However, this has not always been the case. At first, Barbara's songs sounded strange to the citizens of Mondstadt, and many struggled to see the appeal.
This was because for the longest time, the folk songs of bards were the only popular songs known in Mondstadt.
Fortunately, Mondstadt stayed true to its reputation as the City of Freedom, and the people ultimately embraced the new while continuing to cherish the old.
People accepted Barbara's songs, and over time her positive energy rubbed off on them. Soon, they could be heard humming her tunes all around Mondstadt.
"Albert, would you stop please! You're completely out of tune!"
Character Story 2:

Barbara's feelings on her own success are mixed.
To the extent that an idol's duty is to make everyone adore her, she has done a fantastic job.
There is no doubting that she has made the right choice.
However, an idol is also expected to spread joy and relieve people's spiritual fatigue... Has she really accomplished that?
She sang for blind Glory, encouraging her to believe that her lover would one day return. She sang, too, for sick Anna, promising her that her illness would one day be cured.
Yet, the smiles on their faces never last long after the songs end.
This has led Barbara to become somewhat disillusioned and doubtful.
Character Story 3:

Barbara has always been a bright and optimistic girl since she was young. Though at times she can be a bit clumsy and mess things up, she always bounces right back and has another go.
Barbara is the complete opposite of her sister, who is seen by all as the pride of her family.
Unlike Barbara, her sister has always been the very definition of success in all aspects.
Initially, all Barbara had ever wanted was to surpass her sister in at least one thing, even if only once.
However, be it swordplay, her grades, or anything else, she was never able to compare.
Even for someone as optimistic as her, she found herself to be upset and down.
"Hard work is the most miraculous magic. But when even that doesn't work... what then?"
Character Story 4:

Barbara has never once considered giving up.
Her determination and resilience even surprised her father, Seamus Pegg, the Cardinal of Daybreak.
Barbara only allows herself to be depressed for 30 seconds.
After that, she forces herself to brighten up, no matter what.
"I'm not so good in combat, so I'll be sure to support those who are."
Under her father's counsel, Barbara became a healer.
She is as radiant as the sick and injured are pained.
Her desire to be recognized gradually transformed into a simple desire to help others.
Character Story 5:

"Thank you" are the two words that Barbara hears most often.
When she feels lost, she will suddenly find that there is someone wanting to hold her hand.
"Thanks for being here with me. I feel so much better."
To Barbara, the greatest reward is seeing the smiles on people's faces.
Therefore, whenever she is massaging her swollen calves or drinking tea to care for her sore throat, Barbara recalls all those who have been kind to her.
"It's the encouragement I receive from others that keeps me going."
Just maybe, the smiles she receives are proof that her songs really can heal people.
Her ambition to surpass her sister and become the most popular person in all of Mondstadt hasn't been abandoned by Barbara, it is simply buried deep inside her heart.
"If only I excelled more, perhaps I could be of help to Jean."
This is what she believes.
"Okay... Barbara, go!"
Alice's Idol Magazine:

"...Idol?"
The first time that Barbara heard this strange word, she was visibly confused.
"But... aren't The Seven the ones that people are supposed to worship?"
"Yes, but not exclusively..." replied Alice, an elder of the Hexenzirkel, as she groomed the young girl for stardom. "Read this, it contains everything you will need to know."
"Idol Magazine" was the name of the assigned reading material. Barbara had no idea what world this magazine had come from, but by reading it she found out that there was indeed such thing as an "idol," and that it mainly involved working hard at getting everyone to like you.
She also discovered that an outstanding idol is capable of not just bringing joy to themselves, but also bringing spiritual healing to others through the power of song and dance.
Barbara set about learning one new song after another, dancing to the beat as she went. Finally, she found happiness, and she found it in the smiling faces of others.
Some time later, when Alice anxiously relayed to Barbara that plans for "Teyvat Idols!" were falling through, Barbara was starting to make a name for herself through her performances in Mondstadt.
"Hmm... Well, if I'm the only one left... I guess you can leave it to me to define what it really means to be an idol!"
Driven by this ever so slightly selfish ambition to spread joy and healing to others, Barbara is slyly swotting up on new tunes behind the scenes to this very day.
Vision:

The story of how Barbara obtained her Vision is hardly the typical tale of high-stakes heroism.
She had just joined the church and was looking after a little boy with a high and persisting fever.
Nothing Barbara could think of would console the boy and bring an end to his relentless tears.
Someone remarked that while the boy had already taken his medicine, there was no way to cure the pain of missing one's family.
Another suggested that Barbara sing a song for the boy to raise his spirits.
Barbara had never sung a song in her life up until this point, but how could she shy away from it in a moment like this?
"Never having sung before is no reason to abandon a child in their time of need," Barbara thought to herself.
And so, Barbara took the boy in her arms and sang him a song: a lullaby, the only song she knew.
It was an unceremonious beginning to her singing career. After quickly realizing that she barely knew any of the words, she had to resort to humming the tune instead.
Nevertheless, her voice began to soothe the child, and so she kept singing. She sang the same song, over and over again, until her throat was dry and her voice was hoarse. Finally, the boy fell asleep. Exhausted, Barbara lay down by the wall and fell straight asleep herself.
Early the next morning, Barbara awoke to discover that the boy's fever had come down. Perhaps it was because she had sung for him, or perhaps it had something to do with the Vision which had mysteriously appeared next to her hand at some point during the night.
Barbara was not preoccupied with the Vision, however. It was the sight of the boy smiling once again that filled her heart with joy.
Barbara received her Vision for the simple but beautiful wish that took hold in her heart that night: A dream of healing the sick through the power of song.
~~barbara ends here~~
Beidou:
Character Stories
Character Details
Beidou is the leader of The Crux — an armed crew based in Liyue Harbor.
An armed crew means exactly what it sounds like: a crew of sailors armed to the teeth.
Without getting into too many details, everything The Crux does is approved by the Qixing... more or less.
Beidou is a trusted leader, so much so that her crew believes her capable of taming the storms and billows on the sea.
"It's Beidou! Even the mightiest of storms must bow its head to her might!"
Character Story 1:

Beidou is something of a cultural icon in Liyue.
Though her fame does not quite reach the same lofty heights as that of the Liyue Qixing, one can be certain that every merchant in the city knows her name — and that of her crew, The Crux.
Naturally, there are rumors abound regarding someone of her status. People love to tell epic tales of her earth-shattering (or rather, sea-splitting) feats. tales in which her abilities are exaggerated to almost superhuman levels.
One rumor is that she can channel Electro energy with her sword. It is said that she once used it to cut a formidable sea monster from the depths of the ocean abyss in half with just one hit.
Bystanders who overhear such tales generally dismiss them as drunken ramblings. But to any who has ever voyaged with Beidou themselves, these stories are no joke. In their view, if this world really were home to a giant sea monster from the ocean abyss... Beidou would certainly be capable of cutting it in half.
In summary, Beidou's abilities are every bit as impressive as her reputation in business circles. So if you hear her lauded as the Uncrowned Lord of the Ocean — suffice to say that there is no smoke without fire.
Character Story 2:

Business people tend to put profit before their humanity. This is just accepted as the way of the world. At most, it makes for some light verbal sparring at the dinner table.
But things are different in Liyue, where everyone is involved in business. They reject the notion entirely, claiming that Liyue Harbor is a special place where humanity is sacred.
Foreign merchants will retort that the only thing special about Liyue is that "They've managed to commodify humanity, too!" To this, Liyue locals respond, "Then how do you explain The Crux?"
With The Crux having made a name for itself over many years, its services are extremely expensive to charter. And yet, on one voyage when The Crux encountered a strong storm, Beidou noticed a small private boat nearby. Seeing the way it was tossed about by the waves, she ordered her crew to tow the boat to safety — despite the risk that her ship's keel might give way. What little food and water the fleet had left, Beidou shared with the rescued crew as she navigated her vessel onward through the raging storm.
Finally, after several days, The Crux delivered the rescued boat to a safe mooring spot. Grateful to Beidou for saving their lives, the crew of the rescued boat became her loyal trade partners thereafter.
After Liyue locals recount this story, they smile and insist, "When you have someone risking their life like that, you can be sure that it takes far more than commodification to explain their actions! Would you really dare to look Beidou in the eyes and talk about the commodification of humanity?"
Character Story 3:

Word has it that The Crux's boss behind the curtains is none other than the Qixing's Tianquan, Ningguang, herself.
Both of the people involved deny this outright, though they do so for different reasons.
As a member of the Qixing, Ningguang often needs someone else to do her dirty work for her. Of the many candidates available, she picked Beidou.
Ningguang would emphasize that she picked Beidou, not The Crux. Ningguang's collaboration with The Crux is, therefore, purely incidental.
Meanwhile, when Beidou hears the rumors about her dealings with Ningguang, she furiously insists that she collaborates with Ningguang on an equal footing: Beidou is her own boss and no one, not even Ningguang, is sitting in the background pulling the strings for her.
Beidou is certainly unique among Ningguang's collaborators.
She does not tread carefully or show reverence in the way that most of them do. In fact, one could even say Beidou is sometimes at odds with Ningguang.
Ningguang's advisers worry constantly that Beidou is too unpredictable and too much of a maverick. But Ningguang simply smiles and dismisses their concerns.
"On the contrary, Beidou is the most reliable person in Liyue," she replies. "Just tell her the truth, as well as what's in it for her, and she'll come around in her own time."
Character Story 4:

Once, after disembarking from a long voyage, The Crux held its customary three-day celebratory banquet. The autumn was like any other before it — except for the new chef in town. This was Xiangling, the head chef-to-be of the Wanmin Restaurant.
Looking to keep costs down, they lured Xiangling onboard after meeting her on the streets, by hook and by crook. When she saw Beidou, Xiangling was dismayed, and let Beidou know this in no uncertain terms: "If you want to have Yue-style seafood, then I can't agree to help you. I'll have you know that I intend to transcend Liyue's two warring culinary styles with my cooking..."
Beidou merely smiled and gestured to the chest of gold coins beside her: "Just do what you're good at. We made quite a bit on our last run. How does a retainer of fifty thousand Mora sound?"
Not one to shy away for a chance to prove the worth of her cooking, Xiangling took the job.
When the day was done, Beidou was indeed won over by Xiangling's skill. She declared in front of her crew that Xiangling would soon be a renowned chef throughout Liyue. She also insisted that they refer to her as "Madam Xiangling."
Having only begun to make her name, Xiangling admired Beidou for her generosity with money and her direct personality. Thereafter, Xiangling would sail with Beidou often, looking for new and exotic seafood ingredients. She found herself surprised by Beidou's vast knowledge of seafood and their culinary preparation, given how far she usually was from any kitchen.
Of course, that didn't mean Xiangling would necessarily heed Beidou's advice on whether something was edible or not...but that is a story for another time.
Character Story 5:

Some say an object takes after its master.
Though it may not be a suitable description, The Crux crew does indeed take after Beidou, exhibiting the same qualities.
However, there are still secrets among the crew, spreading in places unnoticed by Beidou.
Her First Mate always takes new sailors out after their first safe return for drinks and fills them in on the details of an old story:
In the past, the crew went on a journey to brave the unknown seas and found itself at death's door in a horrific storm.
At that time, Beidou stood on the deck behind the wheel, singing a Liyue fishermen's song in the storm.
"...all the way until the waves died down and dawn broke on the far horizon..."
The First Mate often ends the story with this final line and a look of longing on his face.
As business grew and the crew expanded, more and more outrageously incredible details were added to the story, making the rookies worship Beidou like a goddess.
Pier Laborers' Gossip:

1. Facing a three-headed hydra of unrivaled girth, Beidou hurled forth her greatsword. Spinning in the air, it sliced clean through all three of the hydra's vertebrae, before returning to her waiting hand.
2. Beidou has beaten Ningguang at chess. Twice. The important part is not so much that she did win Ningguang's money, but more that she dared to.
3. Since the day she slew the sea monster Haishan, Beidou has never sung a fishermen's shanty ever again.
4. Yes, Beidou knows shanties. But don't you dare ask her that to her face. I mean, you know how that hydra ended up, don't you...
Vision:

Liyue and Inazuma share a common saying: "Its fins formed the ocean deep, its tail the mountains high." The fishermen learned this phrase while ashore long ago, and sang it over and over, spreading the tune far and wide till it became the much-loved song people know today. Whenever the mists gather over the sea's surface, one can hear the distant song of the fishermen hidden in the white shroud: "its fins formed the oceans deep, its tail the mountains high..."
This was Beidou's childhood lullaby. The tale of Rex Lapis smiting the sea monsters had become legendary among the people of Liyue. As a child, Beidou loved tales like this, and in her dreams, she thought: One day, I want to see this big fish too.
This day, however, she sang this song with a different emotion in her heart. Her entire crew sang along as they sailed.
Haishan was in the waters with them — at once like a dragon and a fish, it was larger than any could have imagined in their worst nightmares, and mighty as a deity, raising waves dozens of meters high with ease.
All who ply their trade on the high seas are destined to meet Haishan eventually. Beidou had longed to do so since she was nine, dreaming of slicing its head off in a single blow.
Many times she had challenged the creature, and many times she had failed. But this day was different. This day she charged at Haishan with her best greatsword in hand, and crack sailors at her back.
The battle would rage fiercely for four days. With cannons and harpoons, arrows and ropes the fleet would assail Haishan, while Beidou battled the thusly tied-down creature for ten hours, well into the night.
Now, nighttime was when Haishan was in its element, and in their vigilance not a single member of the fleet dared sleep a wink. Beidou stood upon the prow, listening to the wind.
One strike. Just one strike. That was all she needed. And so she waited, unmoving, in the freezing wind.
Then, at the crack of dawn, having neither eaten nor drank throughout the night, Beidou heard a change in the sound of the waves.
With one almighty strike that sounded as if it could have sliced the moon in two or ripped a mountain from the face of the world, she chopped the leviathan's head clean off!
The sound of thunder filled the heavens, and a single bolt of purple lightning struck the ocean right in front of Beidou, even as she bathed in the blood of her nemesis.
Thus descended a Vision to the slayer of the sea monster, its violet glow as stunning as lightning, and its immaculate, jeweled form a treasure more precious than dragon blood. A suitably divine gift for the hero who subdued Haishan.
~~Beidou ends here~~
Bennett:
Character Stories:
Character Details:
Benny's Adventure Team is an exception to the norm in the Adventurers' Guild, Mondstadt Branch.
Initially, the team mechanism requiring at least 3 or 4 regulars in each team was set up to promote mutual support and prevent accidents.
As for Benny's Adventure Team, however, its only regular member has been Bennett himself.
The lack of team members essentially has everything to do with Bennett's infamous bad luck.
However, being the passionate adventurer he is, Bennett never feels lonely.
Well, maybe once or twice, sometimes...
Character Story 1:

The adventurer Jack was the first victim of Benny's Adventure Team.
Just a few feet away from the treasure, an extremely rare Geo Turbulence occurred, tearing the ground apart and opening a bottomless chasm right before everyone's eyes.
"So close, yet so far... like love."
Jack only suffered minor injuries, but he was never the same as an adventurer thereafter. The event seemed to have left him with a broken heart.
Another member, Royce, heard someone shout "Heyo!" before losing consciousness in a huge explosion. The culprit, Klee, was sent to the confinement room for seven days for mistaking the cave the adventurers were still exploring in for a giant rabbit hole and blowing it up.
Heckler suffered from a severe bout of diarrhea for a week after joining the team. Although it turned out to be food poisoning, he insisted it was because of Bennett's bad luck.
"They'll be back! They're just... on leave. Please don't invalidate my team's registration with the Guild..."
Seeing Bennett beg and plead before her eyes, Katheryne sighed and decided to spare him the truth that his "teammates" had long jumped ship.
Character Story 2:

There was once a predicament of incomparable despair.
A predicament that had all but swallowed an old adventurer.
The scorching flames scalded his skin, the deafening thunder almost ruptured his eardrums, and the hollering winds threatened to rip his soul from him.
At the end of his hellish journey, what awaited him was... a baby.
The old adventurer thought he was the first living thing to pass through this arduous ordeal. But how could he explain that which lay before him?
In that moment, it hit him, and he believed it to be true.
"This baby must be... a child abandoned by the world itself."
Though there were no mighty artifacts, jewelry, or gold, the old man's face did not seem disappointed in the slightest, for he regarded this baby, whose life hung by a mere thread, to be his treasure.
"This child is what I was meant to find on this journey," he thought as he took the baby into his arms.
Even if what he was about to do opposed the will of the world itself, he was unafraid.
Character Story 3:

The old adventurer died from severe injuries before being able to tell this story, leaving only the child he had saved.
On his deathbed, he only managed four final words: "will," "adventure," and "final treasure."
Several single, childless, old adventurers in the Adventurers' Guild in Mondstadt raised the child as their own and named him Bennett.
Being raised by the Guild, Bennett referred to everyone as "Dad."
"Dad, your dentures fell into the bowl!" "Dad, you should stop wearing that old leather armor. Where are the undergarments I bought you?" "Dad, it's raining, better keep your distance from me so you don't get struck by lightning!"
Taking care of all his aging dads who have no family has taken up most of his time outside of adventuring.
"The dads certainly have found a treasure, haha!"
Cyrus, the current Guild Master, laughed, giving Bennett a pat on the back.
Though he is unlucky himself, he can at least try to bring luck to those he cares about. At least, that's how Bennett feels.
Bennett the Unlucky still strives to find his own lucky treasure through his series of unfortunate events.
Character Story 4:

Oz the Raven, Fischl's familiar, said Bennett is "the most tenacious young man in the world."
Indeed, Bennett's share of bad luck throughout his life can be seen from his scars, old and new.
Attacked by monsters, buried in collapsed ruins, falling from cliffs... A wealth of "unfortunate events" has taught Bennett how to deal with more of them in the future.
Barbara, the Deaconess at the Church of Favonius, was once surprised by how skilled Bennett is at treating dislocated joints.
Another gift from his ordeals is his jaw-dropping talent for combat.
"Look at his moves... Doesn't that hurt?" Grand Master Varka of the Knights was extremely intrigued after seeing Bennett in combat.
It's not that Bennett doesn't feel pain — he has simply gotten used to it. He adapted to the pain as others would to pungent smells or blinding light.
Therefore, the way Bennett dives into battles head-on without reservation has become a signature of his.
Character Story 5:

What does death mean, exactly? Always walking the thin line between life and death, Bennett can't help but wonder.
Bennett knows that the old adventurer who saved him has left many praiseworthy stories and legends after his death.
He knows that adventurers will not have weeping at their funerals, only toasts made in their names by old comrades.
He knows, to the adventurers of Mondstadt, a "good death" comes at the end of a life given to the pursuit of treasure and the secrets of the world. Once over, their souls are brought back to their homeland by Barbatos.
He once feared death.
However, after pondering on this matter some more, he now feels death may be something fortunate for an adventurer...
Not that fortune has anything to do with him.
"Onto the next treasure!" And with that, Bennett puts this thinking business behind him.
Adhesive Bandage:

Whenever he suffers severe injuries such as fractures or excessive loss of blood, Bennett will go to the Cathedral to seek treatment from Deaconess Barbara.
"Sorry, it's me again..." Bennett will say, scratching the back of his head.
Barbara, however, will just shake her head, and with a "let's deal with those scratches as well," she will toss him some adhesive bandages.
Such displays of concern may be inadvertent, but they have a special place in Bennett's heart. He sticks those bandages on his wounds with the care of one pinning a medal to their chest, before thanking her wholeheartedly.
Bennett keeps many such bandages in his utility pouch when he goes on adventures. Ones he gets from his dads, from Barbara, from Katheryne... and from adventurers he sometimes meets by chance after getting injured.
These tiny tokens of goodwill form a tangible collection of fair fortune unique to Bennett.
"Well, since everyone's by my side, I guess I'm not that unlucky after all."
Vision:

Bennett's passion for adventure is unstoppable.
He wants to constantly explore, challenge, sweat it out, and eventually grow old on the adventurer's path.
But there was once when he met with a true crisis.
Just as that old adventurer had so long ago, Bennett was in a predicament that would cause any other person to despair.
"Losing this much blood... Not good."
But Bennett did not stop. "There's no reason to turn back," he thought.
Somehow, he just knew that all the agonizing misfortune he had suffered up till this point was for the sake of overcoming this precarious position.
But at the end of his hellish journey, what he found at the end was — nothing at all.
"Ha, returning empty-handed is... part of an adventure. I... don't mind..."
At last, his tightly-wound emotions came loose, allowing his many injuries to rob him of his consciousness, and he collapsed.
When he reawakened, he found that his wounds had been cauterized by a mysterious flame, stopping both the bleeding and the pain.
A jewel pulsed warmly in the palm of his hand, its rhythm in time with the heartbeat in his chest — the beating heart of an adventurer.
This was not the mercy of the world, or that fate took pity on him. Rather, this was his "final reward," one befitting a person with Bennett's burning passion.
~~bennett ends here~~