Kachina:
Character Stories:
Character Details:
Just like the other progeny of the Children of Echoes, Kachina grew up surrounded by adorable Tepetlisaurs, spending her time digging shiny gems out of the bowels of the mountains and listening to her elders passing down the legends of heroes.
She learned the mountain paths like the back of her hand, developing a great instinct and talent for finding minerals buried deep beneath the ground. When she had some time to kill, she'd be with all the other kids, running off to the music studios where artists were recording their newest tunes to just cut loose and dance freely to the pulsing rhythms.
Growing up in this environment, the occasional bump and scratch was unavoidable, and Kachina would cry out in pain when she hurt herself, just like any other child. But long before any other kid would have recovered, Kachina would have wiped away her tears and stood back up again.
In the eyes of others, of course she was a good kid. But Kachina still struggled to understand why someone as ordinary as herself was given the Ancient Name "Uthabiti."
Just what part of her was worthy of the ideals of strength this great name carried? Young as she was, she was unable to puzzle it out.
But having been granted this great honor, she had an obligation to participate in the Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame. Moreover, returning triumphantly from the Pilgrimage and rising up like the heroes of legend was the dream of every warrior of Natlan — including Kachina.
As she experienced failure time and time again, not only was she overwhelmed with sadness, but she couldn't even lift her head to face the disappointed looks in the faces of her friends. Nevertheless, she would wipe away her tears, and stand up once more.
But having already failed so many times, could she really achieve success in the Pilgrimage? Kachina, who always gave everything she had, to fight on, felt doubt creeping into her heart.
Character Story 1:

Other than the required applicant information on the Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame pre-registration form, there is also a page for providing optional information about the candidate. The information it asks for includes, but is not limited to, hobbies, personal experiences, and so on. The original purpose was to make it easy for the promotional team to create materials to hype up participants, but practically everyone already knew all the info on the hottest contestants, so trying to find out that way was completely unnecessary. And so, over time, nobody took the supplemental form seriously. It seems like only Kachina would carefully fill in every blank on the supplemental form every time.
"Hobbies: Dancing."
Every member of the Children of Echoes knows a thing or two about dancing, and a stereotype the other tribes have about the Children is that dancing is in their blood. The moment music sounds, the children of the Nanatzcayan will start subconsciously swaying. But even among them, Kachina is a gifted dancer, with great control over her body even from a young age. Her movements as she shifts her weight to the beat have always been as smooth as a swimming Koholasaurus. Even Pochtli frequently praised her, and Pochtli is not someone given to giving out compliments. Actually, Kachina really wanted to write that down too, to prove she did have something to write about, but since she was worried it would look conceited, she let it go.
As for her other hobby, she hesitated for a long time before finally deciding not to put it to paper.
Digging.
What she found embarrassing was that, like most members of the Children of Echoes, her favorite thing to do was dig around in tunnels. Whenever she discovered a vein of ore in a dark tunnel, a warm feeling would well up in her heart. Everyone in the Children of Echoes understood this warmth, but she thought writing "digging up minerals" in the "hobbies" section would only make it look like she lacked personality.
"I really don't have any strengths." She wanted to sigh.
The next box was about the people closest to you.
"Dad, Mom, Ayo..." She began to fill in her family's names.
Other than her parents, who gave her so much love and warmth, the one closest to her was her Tepetlisaurus companion, Ayo. The one by her side the first time she tried digging alone was none other than Ayo. When her parents were recounting the legendary tales to her, and when she was out causing a ruckus, the one following close behind her was always Ayo. Just thinking of him, Kachina couldn't help but smile.
She wanted to add a few other names between the lines, like Mualani, who always encouraged her with a smile, and Kinich, who always extended a helping hand when she needed it most, and from her own tribe, Uncle Pacal... But she couldn't fit that many names in the space provided, so, she had to let them go.
When she finally finished filling it all in, and handed the supplementary form to the staff member on duty, they were absolutely flabbergasted that this pocket-sized little girl had actually filled out the entire form.
"That page is optional, you know. It's okay if you don't write anything down," they joked.
Her response was: "That's fine. Everything I can do well, I want to take seriously."
Character Story 2:

Tepetlisaurs and the Children of Echoes have been living together since before the time of Kachina's grandfather's grandfather. It is the custom of the people to work and live alongside them, and become companions.
This means that for the Children of Echoes, Saurians are not like the livestock whose lives and deaths are dictated by humans, nor are they like pets, beholden to the whims of their masters. They stand as equals to humanity.
Most bonds between Tepetlisaurs and humans are formed willingly, just like Kachina and Ayo.
Tepetlisaurus nests are never too far from Children of Echoes dwellings, and this proximity ensures Saurian and human are often running into one another, with the latter considering the former to be friendly neighbors, never thinking it odd to meet one occasionally.
For a time when Kachina was quite young, she'd often run into a robust young Tepetlisaur at the crossroads on the way to the mines. To Kachina, these simple, honest neighbors were a group worth greeting, so she'd always say "Hi!" to him.
After a time, it seemed like the little Tepetlisaur remembered her, and she began running into him more and more different places. Practicing dancing in an open field, gathering grainfruit, catching fish in the river... After so many encounters, the young Saurian and human would not only greet one another, but also sometimes exchange gifts.
Winning the little Saurian's friendship wasn't a complicated affair. Kachina didn't need to worry about trying to prove her worth to him, or offering him special rewards. They simply felt comfortable hanging out together, so they spent time together.
Until one day, the little Tepetlisaur just naturally followed Kachina to her home, after which it became her family's companion, and Kachina gave him the name "Ayo." The whole thing was totally normal, no less natural than how fish must swim in water or how birds must soar through the skies.
From then on, Ayo always showed her the loyalty and affection he shows to friends, unlike some of the playmates she grew up with. They didn't hesitate to start keeping their distance after she failed time and time again in the Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame, and some even mocked and ridiculed her. But Ayo has always stood firmly by her side with his sharp horn, never wavering.
Character Story 3:

"Uthabiti" carries the meaning of toughness and tenacity. At first, Kachina did not think that she was at all worthy of such an Ancient Name, brimming with honor.
After consulting the ancient woven scrolls, and learning just what kind of people the ancient heroes who had borne the name before were, she felt even more perplexed.
They all possessed incredible power, and would always remain bold and spirited, no matter what dangers they faced, for which they were revered by later generations; they had maintained their noble character despite enduring the harshest of conditions, protecting their homelands with naught but their own strength, never wavering in their duties or abandoning their responsibilities until their last breath. Looking back at herself, she felt she didn't have the strength of warriors of the Collective of Plenty, nor did she possess the agility of the Riders of the Flower-Feather Clan. Even though she didn't want to appear weak and easily bullied, in the face of constantly being belittled and even degraded, she couldn't help but cry and snuffle.
"Do tough people really cry all the time like I do?"
She really was a long, long way from being anything close to "tough." After reaching this conclusion, she was despondent for some time, drowning in despair. But she quickly let go of those feelings. Not because she trained until she became a powerful warrior, or because she suddenly understood some profound truth. And though her friends and family did show her a lot of care and concern, her choice was mostly dictated by her own habits.
No matter how badly you fall, the first thing you have to do is just get back up again.
When she was even younger, every time she fell, she would already have stood up when any other child would still have been wailing on the ground. Yes, the wounds still hurt, and her tears were still splashing to the ground, but these were just innate physical reactions. She consciously felt she should stand up and look at the rock that had tripped her before carrying on crying.
And the same is true now. Facing with a future without much hope, she felt intense fear, and was frustrated and lost. Being so young, she didn't yet understand how to conceal her own feelings, and so she wore her negative thoughts and emotions on her sleeve. But she would still stand up once more, sobbing and sniffling, her face painted by her tears and bruises, and keep practicing, keep pushing forward.
She herself understood this as being able to take a beating, but in the words of Uncle Pacal, who was both more mature and more eloquent:
"Though people are weak, their it is through their bravery in facing this cruel world that their greatness is truly revealed."
Maybe Kachina really is tough.
Character Story 4:

After returning from the Night Kingdom, it was as if the other households of the tribe looked upon Kachina's family in a new light.
Some who had never spoken to her family before began to take the initiative, greeting them when they ran into them. Those acquaintances that before had only ever politely offered some small talk when they met now actively sought them out to socialize.
Whether or not Kachina was there, the conversation would — intentionally or otherwise — invariably turn to her. They would laud her bravery and toughness, praising her from the tip of Ayo's tail to the points of her ears. In fact, those rather distinctive ears, which had once only been seen as a common "atavistic trait," now became proof of her having been special from birth.
Having experienced so many setbacks, yet in the end finally returning triumphant, she was the epitome of persistence and perseverance against the odds. All her previous failures and defeats became little more than footnotes to her feat, buried amongst the paeans.
Something felt off to Kachina. Her mistakes and tears were being ignored by everyone, even though they plainly existed, concealed by the light of her success.
Others could forget about all the countless failures she had endured, but she herself could not, nor did she think she should.
She always thought she simply couldn't compare to those heroes who were victorious time and time again, and her triumphant return this time was intrinsically linked to the support of her friends. There was no way she could suddenly become the idealized version of herself who existed only in the praise streaming forth from others.
She was still the Kachina who couldn't stop herself from crying when dispirited, and she still wanted to be that Kachina who would always charge forward, getting back up again no matter how many times she falls.
"Not getting knocked down is definitely one type of tough, but maybe not losing yourself in all the flowers and praise is another."
And so, Kachina added another footnote to her understanding of the name "Uthabiti."
Character Story 5:

Every child of the Nanatzcayan has heard fables about raw ore and gems, and Kachina's parents related one such tale to her before bed.
Before the raw ore had been unearthed by the Children of Echoes, it had slept soundly in the depths below the mountains, alongside mud in its matrix.
At first, it didn't know it had the potential to become a gem. It only endured the long dark and loneliness, and never called itself as such.
"I'm just a chunk of totally ordinary rock." That's what it thought.
Until a great gale had blown away the topsoil, the raging rivers had washed away the silt, an earthquake had sundered the strata, and finally, the drills of the Children of Echoes split it off from its place in the bowels of the mountain... Even then, it still hadn't realized it had a certain splendorous radiance glittering within its own rocky heart.
As it was smashed and polished, the ore felt immense pain. As chisel and grindstone carried away many of its parts, and its ordinary rind was carved off, the patterns that represented its timidity were smoothed away. In the eyes of the Children of Echoes, this was a process filled with joy and beauty, but the ore knew not what was happening, or what would come next. As its tears flowed, it asked the chisel and grindstone:
"Why must this happen to me?"
To reveal your true nature as a gem.
But those words remained unsaid. Unlike the ore, the chisel and grindstone had participated in the cutting of countless gems and witnessed the moment when the rays of light burst forth, and so they kept their silence.
Until the work was complete at last, and the ore could finally see what it looked like in the eyes of others: a beautiful gemstone.
As she walked alone through the Night Kingdom, Kachina kept thinking of this story. She remembered that she had asked her parents: What happened next? What should a gemstone look like? But the chill of the Night Kingdom blurred her memories, and she couldn't remember the rest of the fable. Fortunately, the memories of being with her parents gave her warmth, allowing the fire of her soul to burn on. She decided to stop soul-searching, for whether she was low-quality ore shattered by the chisel or a gem that yet held hope, she had to continue onward. She had many more things she wished to do, and many people she wished to see again.
At the moment she was bathed in sunlight once more, and saw the outstretched hand of the Traveler, she knew what a gemstone should look like:
A strong, sturdy structure, capable of holding up the world even in the darkest hour.
Possessing unquenchable hope, lighting up the pitch-black world.
Now, she has returned triumphant from the Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame and proven herself. The day when others gaze at her with admiration has finally come, and she can bring them faith and courage. The Pyro Archon herself told her, the name Kachina will be woven into the banners by the Masters of the Night-Wind, as a part Natlan's heroic saga, flowing into the Ley Lines, becoming an eternal legend.
Thus did tears and courage finally smelt the gemstone named "Kachina."
The Banner of Uthabiti:

We recite the names of the ancestors, we sing the names of the heroes.
The brave warriors who inherit the name of "Uthabiti," we record and weave their words.
The first strand of golden thread we offer to the sword-wielder who first created the name, a homely girl no taller than a child.
She once held back the collapse of the cliffs with her own two hands, bearing the people of an entire tribe upon her shoulders.
In spirit and in thought, she was many times greater than the tallest and sturdiest warriors in the entire history of Natlan.
The bright fire of this hero's life burned out quickly, yet even at death's door, she laughed freely and uproariously, the lingering sounds clear and bright, like a great river breaching a dike.
Though her breath ceased and her heartbeat stilled, the weavers could still hear the sound of waves pouring forth from her shriveled body, only fading after seven nights.
The second strand of golden thread we offer to the shield-bearer who lifted the name from the river of concepts once more, he who never once put down his shield.
Though he himself was slim as a reed, he stood and fought together with his shield for years after year, and never wavered no matter how time passed.
His body was as silent as his shield, but his soul was wont to bellow over the battlefield.
Even within his urn, his ashes still attempted to solidify and burst through the vessel, leading all to declare he could not fit into such a small tomb.
Finally, his remains were scattered amongst the mountains, the glittering ashen gravel echoing like thunder as it struck the stone walls.
The third strand of golden thread we offer to the anonymous ones lost between the layered banners, whose deeds have been hidden by history.
Were it not for the Wayob's revelations, it would be difficult for us to clearly see the traces of the blood and tears they left behind.
The final moments of the great heroes were peaceful, and we offer our sincerest prayers that they burned themselves out in happiness and contentment.
The fourth strand of thread is woven with Saurian feathersilk, and we offer it to the spear-wielder who held the name high above the Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame once more.
In the Night Kingdom, she traveled with the souls of the warriors who battle eternally, traversing the creeping dark and returning in triumph.
Tears do not lessen the glory of the name "Uthabiti," and her return was inseparably linked to the start of a new age.
We recite the names of the ancestors, we sing the names of the heroes—
"The one that dares stand firm as a mountain, their bones like battlements, and hold the sun's gaze — it is they that shall be given unto eternity."
"Fear itself should instead fear me, for my body is like a roaring blaze; destined to melt down all that is mean and lowly, then cast it once more as an epitaph."
Vision:

It was after her first Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame. Kachina's first Pilgrimage had ended in failure, all the lofty expectations from before having come to nothing. Everyone around her doubted her ability, but more painful still was that she began to find it harder to control her doubts about herself.
Maybe even the Wayob occasionally got it wrong? Could she really "melt down all that is mean and lowly" like in the poem? Or maybe she was actually the kind of mediocre child who should be melted?
It was then that she rediscovered what digging meant to her.
She had always loved drilling to the depths of the mountains, seeking out treasures, but this time, she didn't dig with any kind of particular goal. She just carried her drill and bored forward, as though as long as she just kept going, disappointment and sorrow would be unable to bore a hole into her heart, but instead became the drill in her hand, punching a hole into the heart of the mountain.
She felt much happier moving forward endlessly through the darkness, where she might still turn up something good, rather than just enduring doubt and defeat. But in the world aboveground, that Pilgrimage would not be erased, and her defeat would march forward alongside time, a stamp Kachina could never rub away. Whether hiding down in the darkness, or standing upright in the sunlight, she was still completely dejected, and if she had to choose, the former was harder to bear. Because there, the word "failure" constantly echoed in her head, and it was far more painful for her than any of the tears and sweat she had shed in her training for the Pilgrimage.
The people of Natlan have a saying, that the Children of Echoes are a stubborn lot, and their lives are like the horns on a Tepetlisaur's head, soft yet sharp, and always charging forward. And much like the saying implies, stopping was never an option in Kachina's mind. All she knew was moving onward.
Perhaps the heavens had decreed she could never become a towering hero, so all she could do was trudge on forward, shifting and testing and trying to take one step, then another.
Of course, what she didn't understand then is that while thrusting out your chest, holding your head high, and shouting your certainty of victory while charging forward is certainly something people aspire to, setting your jaw, gritting your teeth, and inching forward, bit by bit, one leaden step at a time, is also something truly awesome.
While underground, that was precisely what she was pondering.
But at the same time, she would also occasionally dig something interesting up.
Like her Vision.
When she received a Vision of her own, she was naturally quite happy, but she had already experienced a similar feeling of excitement before, and that was when she had received the Ancient Name "Uthabiti."
Neither the acknowledgment of an Archon nor of the Wayob meant that she would definitely accomplish some great deed, she had learned at least that much from reality, but what she hadn't learned was:
When the legends of heroes are in their embryonic state, they aren't the least bit noteworthy, nor are the tales very encouraging, being dark and gloomy instead. But all the initial motivation they need to achieve greatness is already present, and as long as the protagonists keep on moving forward, the future will shine brightly for them.
But those in the stories can never know the ending beforehand, so as they run forward with everything they have, come what may, the tears they shed are all the more beautiful.
~~kachina ends here~~
Kaedehara Kazuha:
Character Stories:
Character Details:
Most people who meet Kaedehara Kazuha for the first time might be inclined to assume that he is just a trainee sailor with the Crux Fleet.
After all, he is a gentle soul who enjoys reciting poetry when idle, and who speaks to everyone in a leisurely manner. Who could tell that he is a wanted man throughout Inazuma?
Even Beidou, ever the good judge of character, could not tell that Kazuha could wield a sword with the skill of a seasoned warrior when she first decided to take him in.
Who knows if it was the storms of life that smoothed out his rough edges, or if his natural restraint has kept his edge sheathed.
Character Story 1:

The Crux, an armed fleet from Liyue, spends much of the year on the high seas, and its sailors are quite used to the vagaries of life in other nations. So they were more curious than surprised when an outlander began serving as a sailor on their flagship, the Alcor.
The sailor in question was picked up when the Alcor docked at the Inazuman port of Ritou.
Beidou had made friends with this young man, and when he came on board, she told her crew, "This guy's gonna be staying with us for a while. Take care of him, now."
The sailors trusted Beidou's judgment and admired the newcomer for his martial prowess, not to mention his ability to predict the weather, so they were happy to overlook his reticence to discuss his past, and welcomed him aboard.
Still, their curiosity did not abate, and they would often find all sorts of excuses to try and ply him for information about his experiences.
"I've heard that they make some sweet blades there in Inazuma and that the bigger the fish you are, the swankier the sword. So, uh... how's yours measure up?"
"..."
Kazuha would remain silent in the face of all such queries.
Over time, after countless attempts to garner a response proved futile, the sailors would simply give up asking.
Eventually, it was an off-the-cuff remark from Chief Mate, Juza, just a few days later that finally managed to elicit a reply.
"Hey, Inazuma boy. What are the lads supposed to call you if they don't even know your name?"
The young sailor wiped the sweat from his brow with his callused hands.
"My name is Kaedehara Kazuha, a wandering samurai. I am in your debt for taking me in, so just call me 'Kazuha.'"
Character Story 2:

Kazuha was not born a commoner. He hails from an Inazuman noble house of old, the last son of the Kaedehara Clan.
Inazuma City is home to many illustrious clans, and the Kaedehara name was once one of the most renowned among them. But fortune is fickle, and the Kaedeharas' fortunes had already collapsed by the time they were Kazuha's to inherit.
As the young master of the house, Kazuha could do nothing but watch as his family's future crumbled around him. But as helpless as this made him feel, when the moment came that the home was officially repossessed and the last attendant was finally dismissed, he breathed a sigh of relief: As far as he was concerned, this was a golden opportunity to begin leading a free and wandering life.
He had always longed to roam the mountains and forests, and had held a deep admiration for the beauty and authenticity of nature since his youth.
To Kazuha, nature had never been silent. It had always spoken to him, conveying its feelings in its own unique language.
When the wind ceases to speak and the world falls silent, that is the calm before the skies begin to weep. When silent springs suddenly leap into activity, it is the omen of a great earthquake.
These are the unique poetics that nature has bestowed upon him, and Kazuha was never one to be preoccupied with luxury anyway — so if the burden of family responsibility should drop from his shoulders, why not go wandering, and travel light?
Thus did Kazuha strike out on his journey, like a falling leaf in the yard carried away by the wind.
Character Story 3:

All travelers who outdoors roam need some skill to call their own. For Kazuha, this is his ability to read the sounds of nature.
After leaving Inazuma City, Kazuha wandered here and there. Things were different now: all of nature was his treasured home, and the sounds of wind and water beneath the sight of drifting clouds set his heart at ease.
All that he saw on the road filled him with curiosity. It was in this state of mind that Kazuha arrived at a mountain in the south.
It was early summer, and the frequent and heavy rainfall had turned the mountain roads to mud. Seeing that night was soon to fall, Kazuha decided to find somewhere to shelter from the rain. No sooner had he had this thought than he turned around to see a small straw hut at the far end of the road.
The traveling merchant with whom he was traveling at that time whooped for joy at the sight of the hut: "Kazuha, look! We'll have a roof over our heads tonight!"
But Kazuha did not speak. He paused and listened intently for a long while before he finally replied: "If you were to ask my opinion... it may be best to stay away."
But the merchant did not wish to remain in the rain. He left Kazuha and made his way to the house.
Upon knocking at the door, the traveling merchant was met by a lovely woman who offered him shelter, tea, food, and even bedding for the night.
Perhaps it was the excellent food, but the merchant quickly became drowsy and fell asleep immediately after finishing his meal.
When he awoke the following morning, there was no roof over his head. The bright sunlight pierced his eyes, and all he could see was Kazuha standing nearby, looking down at him and smiling.
Before the merchant could speak, he vomited a great pile of leaves and mud. And as for the bedding upon which he had slept so soundly, ah, it too was mud.
Kazuha smiled and said: "The wind is weaker where there are houses. Yet here stood a hut, and there was no change in the mountain breeze. I think you might have been the victim of a bake-danuki's prank. Never mind. Next time, listen more closely to the wind and tread with care."
Character Story 4:

Kazuha made many friends during his travels. One of them was particularly close to his heart, and for a time, the two journeyed together.
But they too would part, for their destinations were different.
To have met merely by chance and then form such a strong bond, there must be a fated connection between them... so, although they would part ways for now, surely they would meet again. Or so Kazuha thought.
But something happened soon thereafter that would shatter his calm disposition — the Almighty Shogun promulgated the Vision Hunt Decree and swore to retrieve all Visions.
All who wielded them, including Kazuha, were stricken with panic, concealing their identities and going into hiding.
It was then that Kazuha received shocking news: Someone had dared to call for a "duel before the throne," and that someone was none other than Kazuha's dear friend.
The defeated party in a duel before the throne would face punishment at the hand of the Shogun herself. His friend was prepared to risk all to come before the throne, partly for the chance to fight against a strong foe, but also to demonstrate the meaning of courage to all.
And yet, to call for this challenge now, of all times... Kazuha feared that his punishment, should he fail, would be absolute: The Almighty Shogun would unleash her lightning upon him in its full fury, and it would surely take his life.
Even the normally calm Kazuha could not restrain himself. He drew his sword and stormed into Tenshukaku like a whirlwind... But alas, he arrived too late.
His friend's sword lay shattered in pieces, his Vision now an empty husk. Now a wanted man himself, Kazuha fled with grief in his heart.
From that moment on, the days of peaceful wanderings were over, and Kazuha's life became an unending series of battles.
Kazuha did not fear battle, of course, but the constant fighting left him feeling lost and perplexed.
He did not regret having set out on his doomed rescue mission, nor did he begrudge his friend for leaving him, but he could not help but think...
"Is this endless conflict truly the only way to assert one's ideals?"
Character Story 5:

The Crux Fleet became Kazuha's new home, and he drifted on the ocean wherever it took him.
Trouble still found him from time to time, but no issue was insurmountable with the support of the Crux crew.
From his vantage point on the Alcor's crow's nest, gazing out at the azure sea and sky, he finally had the space to think over the tumultuous events of his past and what it all meant to him.
"Every samurai wishes to live their life with passion and to claim the greatest reputation possible using the sword in their hands."
"But there will always be those whose base desires lead them astray from the path of justice and virtue, and whose blades leave an endless trail of enmity in their wake."
"Surely the heavens did not give us fleshly forms and the gods did not watch over our lives all so that we might take up arms against one another."
"Then, this sword I wield is not meant to slay, but to save..."
"Yes, this shall be my path as a samurai, and I shall defend it all my days."
As he reached the conclusion of his thoughts, Kazuha was suddenly inspired to pen down a few verses to serve as a maxim for himself thereafter... but before he could get started, he was interrupted by an irate voice from down below:
"Hey, Kazuha, quit gawking at the sky — get down here and lend a hand!"
It seemed the maxim would have to wait for another day. Whatever the helmsman, Sea Drake, needed help with clearly couldn't wait.
Vision Shell:

Kazuha was just as surprised as everybody else when the Vision briefly lit up during that great battle.
For in all the time that he had spent searching high and low trying to find someone who might rekindle it, never had he imagined that he could be the one to cause its light to shine once more. It was almost as if his late friend were lending him his aid from behind the scenes.
This empty shell of a Vision not only proved this, but had also brought him many fateful encounters along the way:
He had been aided by the resistance, saved and taken in by Captain Beidou, and he had even met the fabled Traveler...
In life there were seasons of hopelessness and desperation, but there were also moments of great serendipity.
His journey was like the rise and fall of a mountain path — at times, the struggle was all but too much to bear, but there would always be moments when he would touch the clouds.
Vision:

The morning mist covered the mountains like a blanket as Kazuha trod a small trail alone.
The world was silent. Not a single feather flapped, and not a single cicada sang.
Even the roiling waves seemed to have fallen into slumber, leaving just the faint whisper of the wind audible against the silence. Kazuha stuck out his tongue — the air tasted heavy and gloomy.
This told him that it would soon rain.
He peered into the distance and spotted a plume of smoke up ahead. Below it were several straw huts. Tonight, it seemed, he would have a roof over his head.
He informed the owner of the house that a storm was coming. At first, he was met with skepticism, but come noon the rains arrived right on cue.
In awe of this wanderer's skill, the master of the house eagerly offered him lodging.
The storm raged into the night. Kazuha held his quilt close, and as he listened to the onslaught of rain against the autumn leaves, his mind began to wander.
In the time since the Kaedehara Clan's fortune had faded away and he had set off on his journey, Kazuha had traveled across many of Inazuma's islands and had become intimately acquainted with the plight of the wanderer.
Moving between islands usually necessitated traveling by sea. Kazuha would make these trips alone, in a small, slow boat, making things all the more perilous when he had to battle against strong headwinds or violent thunderstorms...
And yet, there was limitless fascination to be found in this same journey of his, where the vast sky and boundless earth was his home, and all living things that inhabited them were his friends.
If one's heart is empty, all under heaven is empty.
But if one's heart is pure, all under heaven is pure.
With his sword in his hand and his chosen path in his heart, he could go on his way with a song on his lips and with nothing to fear, no matter the perils he may face.
Kazuha slept soundly that night, his mind at rest having made peace with his feelings.
The next day, he awoke to the sound of birds... and a shining Vision lying upon his chest.
~~Kaedehara Kazuha ends here~~
Kaeya:
Character Stories:
Character Details:
Kaeya Alberich is an adopted son to the Ragnvindr Family, the renowned wine tycoon.
It has been a long time since he last called Diluc Ragnvindr "brother."
Kaeya currently serves as the Cavalry Captain of the Knights of Favonius, and is trusted by Jean.
Kaeya is often the one wrapping things up in every incident that occurs in Mondstadt's vicinity.
Character Story 1:

It is a curious fact that your best chance of finding Kaeya is not by visiting the Knights' headquarters, but by frequenting the taverns at night.
Kaeya is often found sitting at the bar, gossiping with the city folk, and sipping the famed Mondstadt beverage, Death After Noon.
He is surprisingly popular among the elderly of Mondstadt, even earning himself the title of "top candidate for grandson-in-law."
It's hard to imagine someone as mischievous, amiable, and wine-loving as Kaeya being the Cavalry Captain of the Knights of Favonius.
Hunters and bandits alike are often among Kaeya's drinking buddies. As wary of him as they may initially be, all are ultimately disarmed by his smooth talking, and end up telling him everything he wants to know.
Depending on what they then make privy to Kaeya, their night may turn into an uncontrollable nightmare or remain one of harmless banter.
"Everyone's got a secret, but not everyone knows what to do with it."
Says Kaeya, with his usual arrogant smirk.
Character Story 2:

"Justice is not an absolute principle, but is the result of striking that fine balance between strength and strategy. As for the details of how it's done... Don't worry yourself too much about that."
Kaeya once said these words in front of Grand Master Varka.
As long as everything falls into place the way he expects in the end, Kaeya doesn't care all that much about how it's done.
This cavalier attitude is what defines his character.
Not that different from Death After Noon's wild and explosive taste, one might add.
However, his reckless approach to things is not uncontroversial.
Once, in order to force a bandit leader into facing him directly, Kaeya triggered the Ruin Guard at an ancient ruin to cut his opponent off, putting his own men at risk in the process.
It's times like these when even Jean, who puts a lot of trust in Kaeya, finds herself shaking her head in disapproval.
Not that this bothers Kaeya, of course. On the contrary, he actually enjoys putting people into the difficult position of making tough decisions.
He takes pleasure in seeing the hesitation in his comrades' eyes in the moment just before they dive into battle with him, just as he takes pleasure in the look of fear in his enemies' eyes as they face off against him.
Character Story 3:

The flourishing winery business in Mondstadt has been a great source of prosperity in the region over the years. This prosperity often entices greedy bandits and monsters to the area.
They are a motley bunch who hide in the shadows, and their backgrounds, motives, and allegiances are varied and complex.
Kaeya battles against this threat to Mondstadt not only with his sword, but also with his smarts and his wit.
A young knight once dedicated years of his life to studying threats in and around Mondstadt, and reached an astounding conclusion:
When Death After Noon is out of season due to lack of supply, the number of reported incidents inside and outside the city show a drastic decrease, and this remains the case until Death After Noon returns to the market...
The young knight showed his findings to Cavalry Captain Kaeya in hopes of getting some advice from him.
"Interesting. I'll look into it." Kaeya answered, with a wry smirk on his face.
Character Story 4:

Generally speaking, Kaeya is an easy person to have a conversation with. The only topic that you will never hear him discuss is his past.
Even when the Grand Master demanded information on his background, Kaeya skirted around the issue and gave only vague answers devoid of details.
"One afternoon near the end of summer a decade ago, my father and I passed by the Dawn Winery."
"'I'll go get us some grape juice for the road,' he said, but he never came back."
"If Master Crepus hadn't taken me in, I doubt I'd have made it through the storm that night."
This matter-of-fact description hides a carefully constructed lie.
Kaeya has never once spoken the truth about what happened that afternoon:
"This is your chance. You are our last hope."
Kaeya's father squeezed his son's lean shoulders as he spoke, seemingly looking right through Kaeya to some place far beyond.
On the other side of the horizon sat their distant homeland of Khaenri'ah.
Kaeya would never forget the look of both hope and hatred in his father's eyes as he uttered those words.
Character Story 5:

Many citizens still remember the two most eye-catching young gentlemen in all of Mondstadt a few years ago.
One of them was the dapper Diluc, an elegant swordsman who always had a warm smile and a confident posture.
The other was the eccentric Kaeya. He was Diluc's friend, supporter, and sounding board, ensuring he got through every challenge he faced smoothly.
They were almost like twins, knowing each other's thoughts and intentions without a word, protecting Mondstadt in both light and dark.
...Until that fateful day, now ingrained deep in Kaeya's memory, when the convoy that Diluc was escorting was attacked by a huge monster.
It was the first and only time that Kaeya failed in his duty.
By the time Kaeya finally reached Diluc, it was all over.
The power their father had used to successfully fend off the attack backfired, taking their father's life.
Both Kaeya and Diluc were shocked by what they had witnessed, losing the calm composure a knight should retain.
"Even someone like Master Crepus would submit to such a dangerous and evil power..."
Sinister thoughts flashed through Kaeya's mind, and he simply smirked:
"This world is truly... fascinating."
All while their father lay dead in a pool of his own blood. It was on that night that the two sons' paths diverged.
A List:

Between the pages of "The Adventures of Angelos," you find a list of names written on a sheet of official Knights of Favonius letterhead paper.
It meticulously records the details of bandits in the city and further afield, as well as mercenaries and mid-to-senior-level Treasure Hoarder members, listing for each entry a name, position, area of activity, and personal profile.
A dozen or so names are circled, with a note in the margin saying "Otherwise, things would get too boring."
When questioned about it, Kaeya's response is "I suppose I must have gotten drunk and started scribbling nonsense."
Your gut feeling is that Kaeya purposely let you see this list, but you have no way of proving it.
Vision:

It was raining heavily in Mondstadt on the night that Kaeya Alberich received his Vision.
Earlier that day, Crepus Ragnvindr had wielded the power of a Delusion — only to become its victim when it backfired. To set his father free from the unbearable agony, Diluc Ragnvindr took his life.
Kaeya was Diluc's brother by adoption and was always by his side, but on this occasion Kaeya did not partake in the final moments shared between father and son.
The torrential rain that set in on Mondstadt that night seemed to be a sign of the heavens' grief at the passing of Master Crepus.
There was a side to Kaeya that he kept hidden from the world: In truth, he was an agent of Khaenri'ah, placed in Mondstadt to serve their interests. His father had abandoned him in this strange and unknown land to fulfill this mission, and it was Master Crepus and the city of Mondstadt that had welcomed him with open arms when they found him.
If Khaenri'ah and Mondstadt went to war, which side should he support? To whom should he offer his assistance: his birth father, who had ruthlessly abandoned him? Or his adoptive father, who had loved him and raised him?
For the longest time, Kaeya had agonized over these impossible questions, caught between the opposing demands of loyalty and duty, faced with an impossible choice between truth and happiness.
But now, Crepus' death upset this delicate balance. He felt liberated, but also ashamed of how selfishly he was responding. As an adopted son, he should have saved Crepus, but he had arrived moments too late. As a brother, he should have shared in Diluc's grief, and yet as their father lay dying on the ground, he had hung back behind his brother, that ancient plot running through his mind.
Consumed by guilt, Kaeya knocked on Diluc's door. As the rain poured down, the shroud of secrecy was washed away and all lies were revealed. Kaeya had finally come clean.
He had anticipated Diluc's anger. The brothers drew their blades, this time pointing them at each other. Kaeya felt that this was his punishment for a lifetime of lies.
But as the two crossed blades, Kaeya was overcome by the sensation of great elemental power surging through him. For years, he had stayed out of the way in his brother's shadow. But now, for the first time ever, he was facing his brother as his true self.
Bitterly cold and brittle elemental energy burst forth from the tip of his sword to meet Diluc's searing flames head-on. The clash of crimson fire and azure ice created a sudden swirl of wind that stunned them both. This was the grim moment at which Kaeya's Vision appeared.
Since that day, Kaeya and Diluc have gone their separate ways. But he never discusses it, just as he never discusses the origin of his Vision.
Though it is a reminder of a hard-fought battle, and the prize that he earned in exchange for revealing the unadulterated truth, Kaeya sees it as a stern reminder that he must live the rest of his life under the heavy burden of lies.
~~kaeya ends here~~
Kamisato Ayaka
Character Stories:
Character Details:
A pair of siblings have inherited the Kamisato Clan, one of the three most respected and prestigious clans in Inazuma City.
The elder brother, Ayato, is the head of the clan and is in charge of government affairs.
While his younger sister, Ayaka, known by all as the Princess, takes care of the clan's internal and external affairs.
Ayaka often appears at social occasions and has more interactions with the common folk. As such, she is better known by the people and has gained a higher reputation than her elder brother.
This has earned her the elegant title of Shirasagi Himegimi.
As is known to all,
Ayaka, the daughter of the Kamisato family, is a figure greatly admired by the people for her beauty, dignified demeanor, and noble character.
Character Story 1:

Across Inazuma, all affairs of state that do not go up to the Raiden Shogun are largely handled by the Triarchal Council.
The Council's executive powers are, in turn, divided amongst three groups known as the Tri-Commission: the Yashiro Commission, the Tenryou Commission, and the Kanjou Commission.
The three clans that hold power over these Commissions are as follows: Kamisato, Kujou, and Hiiragi. These three great clans are known throughout Inazuma.
Kamisato Ayaka is the young lady of the Yashiro Commission's Kamisato Clan, known far and wide as the Shirasagi Himegimi.
When asked the whys and wherefores of such a nickname, many Inazumans have their own explanations...
"Lady Ayaka is as graceful and pure as an egret. And just look at her elegance, her clever yet proper speech — why should she not be named a Princess?"
"Lady Ayaka may be of noble birth, but she is gentle and polite to us. She is kind, loyal, and is willing to help others. She even went against the opinions of others and took in that commoner, Thoma."
There are as many opinions concerning this as there are people, but none can say where the "Shirasagi Himegimi" nickname actually originated.
Still, Ayaka's popularity amongst the people is quite plain to see.
Character Story 2:

As the daughter of the Yashiro Commission's Kamisato Clan, Ayaka always has to remain alert to the jostling for power between noble families.
Being young, yet already famed throughout the land, she has been the inevitable target of provocation on the part of other noble scions who have grown jealous of the Kamisato siblings.
The creation and maintenance of a public image may be a formality, but for a house of standing like the Kamisato Clan, even meaningless routine has social significance.
Failing to take part in the tangled web of Inazuman political relations risks their position as head of the Yashiro Commission. As such, the two siblings came to an accord.
The elder brother, Ayato, preferring not to show his face too often, would busy himself with government affairs, while the act of maintaining the clan's image would be the responsibility of the elegant, socially-adroit younger sister, Ayaka.
Through her dignified, demure and polite posture, Ayaka has very much secured a place for herself in the social arena. Whether she is negotiating with potential partners or dealing with difficult nobles, her actions are all well-founded and beyond reproach.
The internal clan affairs are also in her care. Indeed, their estates may have descended into chaos already, if not for her.
Character Story 3:

One autumn afternoon, Ayaka was on her way home from completing certain minor affairs when she happened to hear an old voice singing from within an old house.
Within was an old woman, blind in both eyes, whose stick-thin fingers produced music like flowing water as they plucked at her instrument's strings.
Perhaps it was due to her sharp ears, but the old lady heard Ayaka's footsteps and inquired as to who was outside. Not wishing to trouble the old lady, Ayaka replied that she was a nearby resident who had gotten lost and entered this place.
As a member of the Yashiro Commission, Ayaka was well-acquainted with the peoples' lives and quickly recognized this solitary old lady as the very same person who busked in the city streets when the weather was good.
The tune was outdated, and so was the song. As one who could not see, this lady had long fallen out of step with the times. Even in the nation that pursues eternity, some still endured such hard lives.
Out of the goodness of her heart, Ayaka, thusly incognito, spent a long time chatting with the old lady. Taking Ayaka for an ordinary maiden, the old lady spoke of the method of making and playing the koto, and even gave her some tea leaves that she had kept stored up.
Compared to the exquisite leaves that the Kamisato Clan had in stock, these rough leaves may as well have been grass, but Ayaka accepted them while profusely thanking her.
That day, she thought of her parents many times. Had they been around, would they not have grown this old someday?
Returning home, she spoke of her encounter with her brother, and the two siblings shared the rustic tea gifted to her by the old lady.
Afterward, Ayaka would come to see that old lady again every few days, each time posing as a person living nearby, and each time bringing with her some daily necessities that were well-loved by the common folk.
"The sakura trees in the streets have bloomed again," Ayaka said to the old lady with a smile, "and they are as lovely as your music."
Character Story 4:

In people's imagination, the nobility's living expenses are orders of magnitude above the common folk. So for someone as noble as Kamisato Ayaka, surely she too must lead a life of wanton luxury.
This statement is only half right, however.
Ayaka does ostensibly live in a much more particular manner than the ordinary citizen.
The costs of studying flower arrangement and tea ceremony, sampling fine teas, and enjoying exotic flowers daily are also by no means small. However, these are all skills that she must master as a young lady of a noble house — such commitments can hardly be called "wanton."
The things that can truly make Ayaka smile are, in fact, ordinary things that even the common folk can enjoy.
The making of snacks, fishing for goldfish by the ponds, squirreling herself away to read the latest novels from Yae Publishing House... Each one of these is but a tiny matter.
At such times, she is not the adored Shirasagi Himegimi, or Lady Ayaka, mistress of the great Kamisato estates. She is just "Ayaka," an ordinary girl like any other.
Here, she sets her dignified externalized persona aside and sets her true, casual self free. Only as "Ayaka" can she lay down her heavy burdens and do the things that ordinary girls can do.
When hungry at night, she sneaks past the servants into the kitchen and makes herself some chazuke while humming a little tune. During tea ceremony classes, she might surreptitiously try to use the tea leaves to indulge in some romance-related astrology... The list of her little escapades goes on.
Though she has never told anyone this, Ayaka treasures her time as an ordinary girl above all else, for these moments of freedom are things she rarely ever has.
Character Story 5:

The tutors who guide Ayaka in her various arts once used to say: whether in tea ceremony, chess, the art of the sword, or all other affairs of elegance, Ayaka is already a master.
She is clearly already a noble lady of superb bearing, skilled with both the pen and the sword. To be able to teach such a pupil is a teacher's pride and joy.
Still, Ayaka thinks quietly to herself, does she truly have no regrets?
The essence of tea is peace and quiet.
The heart of the sword is the keenest edge.
The soul of chess is the wisdom to grasp the bigger picture.
These three she has grasped indeed, and the spirit of true friendship also.
And yet, Ayaka is still waiting for a friend to emerge who can walk alongside her on equal footing and stand by her side.
That person cannot see her as a member of the Yashiro Commission, or as the Shirasagi Himegimi, nor will their conduct towards her be bound by decorum or status. And if possible, they might also be well-versed in a great many fields of study, and have witnessed all manner of interesting things... and perhaps they might even be able to tell her a story in a pinch.
Only such a person might become Ayaka's bosom friend.
"Surely, this is not too much to ask... But where might I find such a person?"
Moriwakamaru:

"Come, come, come,"
"Let's play Temari!"
"1, 2, 1, 2, 3,"
"The Temari goes up the Sacred Sakura Tree."
"4, 5, 4, 5, 6,"
"Woosh, and over Mt. Yougou it flicks!"
"7, 8, 7, 8, 9,"
"The Temari returns into these hands of mine."
"Yes, into little~ Ayaka's~ hands~!"
This was Ayaka's favorite nursery rhyme back in the day.
Back then, she gave her favorite Temari the name "Moriwakamaru," and she would dribble the multi-colored Moriwakamaru about while humming this very song.
Hearing her song, her parents and brother would be unable to stop themselves from smiling. Indeed, they would often join in the fun, tossing the Temari between them as a family.
But that was a long time ago, and Ayaka no longer plays games of Temari.
She has become an independent, powerful figure in her own right — and Moriwakamaru, the symbol of her childhood and the bearer of her precious memories, has also been stored away within Ayaka's cabinet.
Vision:

Some years ago, the Clan underwent a huge change, and a heavy burden fell upon Ayato's shoulders. At that time, Ayaka was not yet the mature and capable person she is now.
She was originally a playful child, one who knew nothing of the clan's duties, and thus lacked the skill and experience needed for dealing with various kinds of people altogether.
But seeing her mother on her sickbed and her brother hard at work, Ayaka sensed that she too had to grow up.
So she decided to take up her long-disused sword arts and poetry, both staples of nobility. If she could master these two, she could at least pass for a decent lady of the Kamisato Clan, and thus help her brother show up at some festivals, alleviating his burden.
Truth be told, Ayaka was not preternaturally gifted and would spend much time being troubled by her inability to memorize poetry, write elegantly, or brandish her sword.
Yet she did not waver — a poem she failed to memorize once would be memorized fifty times, a poorly-written word would be written fifty times over, and a sword technique that failed would be swung fifty times more.
"None may deflect a swing that has been practiced a thousand times." — This was something her mother told her.
When her mother left this world, Ayaka was no longer "Little Ayaka." She was now Kamisato Ayaka, the young lady of the Kamisato Clan, one of the Shogun's three great clans.
Sword art training thus became part of her daily life and has remained so to this day without pause.
On one particular day, Ayaka, at last, defeated an opponent in a single strike. In that instant, as she stood in the middle of the dojo, icy flowers condensed all about her. And there, upon the tip of her sword, now hung a Vision, icy and bright.
"None may deflect a swing that has been practiced a thousand times" indeed — and even the gods may thus be moved.
~~ Kamisato Ayaka ends~~
Kamisato Ayato:
Character Stories:
Character Details:
As clan head of the Kamisato Clan, one of the great clans of the Tri-Commission, Kamisato Ayato is a household name in Inazuma.
However, people do not have quite the same clear impression of him as they do of the Shirasagi Himegimi, the elegant and kind Ayaka.
Most only know that he is an important figure in the Shogunate and the head of a famed noble house. But as for the details, there's little that they can say for sure.
Some people say that "the Yashiro Commission's festivals and events are ever meticulous and have been full of consideration for the people. Surely the Commissioner's hand is in all such matters."
But others also say "ah, but there is much to politics that should never see the light of day. And how could he have kept such a lofty position without a few tricks up his sleeve, hmm?"
Ayato himself is unfazed by such comments.
"Well, I consider myself merely a serious, dutiful public servant who owes his allegiance to the Almighty Shogun."
Character Story 1:

Kamisato Ayato, as the eldest son of Inazuman nobility, was greatly loved from the moment he was born.
Though his parents were too busy to always spend time with him, they took good care of him, and in any case the "young master" never lacked for people around to look after his every need.
When he was somewhat older, he would, at his father's request, begin a complex and strict training regimen as the family successor.
But not all went as well as they might have hoped, and the pressures in the court and at home would weigh heavily on his father's health, resulting in an early passing.
The young Ayato was thus thrust into a battle for the survival of the clan's position.
In those days, none were impressed by this inexperienced youngster. Ayato went from being an elegant and refined princeling to "the poor young master of the Kamisato Clan" amongst the people, and "that greenhorn" amongst his political opponents.
Time, however, would prove these people wrong.
With extraordinary courage and some first-rate tactics, he did not leave the clan to languish. No, indeed, the Kamisato Clan's position would grow more stable than ever.
The heavy workload, malicious deceptions, and attempts to frame him at every turn he parried away, even turning them to his own advantage.
The passage of time has only increased the standing of the Yashiro Commission's Kamisato Clan in the Shogunate and with the people.
Today, Ayato is a clan head that a great house like the Kamisato Clan would be proud of, and a Yashiro Commissioner acknowledged by all.
Character Story 2:

The Yashiro Commission is in charge of ritual matters on Narukami Island, and must also attend to matters of cultural leisure in such a manner that deities and the people alike are pleased — and they do, honoring their commission.
But with greater responsibilities come greater amounts of work.
Fortunately, his sister Ayaka shares much of the clan's responsibilities, with most of the interactions between the Commission and the people falling to her, allowing Ayato to spend most of his time on matters of governance.
Dealing with Shogunate officials is no easy matter. People come from different Commissions and clans, and their perspectives are very different. Any single task grows harder as the number of people involved grows.
Ayato's great strength lies in his ability to handle such matters. The way he sees it, people are driven by interest. Find leverage, and the other side will cooperate.
Find some goal that will bring the other party around to your logic, then pacify them with a few choice platitudes for the occasion, and most problems can be resolved.
And when dealing with the stubborn, one merely needs to appeal to a higher power to bear — after all, what mortal could gainsay the light of heaven itself, no matter how high their status or arrogant their attitude?
Over time, the knowledgeable and decorous Kamisato clan head gained quite the name for himself in the Shogunate.
"Hmm... this matter seems quite hard to handle. Should we ask the Yashiro Commissioner?"
So people would often say.
However, while Ayato is indeed full of ways and means, he will not simply help at any given moment.
Firstly, not every task is related to the Yashiro Commission. Secondly, it is simply not worth it for the Kamisato Clan to get itself involved for the sake of others' petty profit.
Mostly, Ayato will simply tag along as a junior figure, teacup in hand, doing little more than smiling.
"Ah, come now, Sir Nagaoka. We are all loyal servants of the Almighty Shogun. Nothing more to it. We just need to be open with each other, and I'm sure we can resolve this issue together."
Character Story 3:

Being limited by his station and work, Ayato does not often appear in public, nor does he have much time for any sort of leisurely walk. However, these obstacles cannot hinder him from learning of new and interesting things.
Perhaps in the morning, he might spy one of the Yae Publishing House staff poking her head around the place, seemingly here to "report for work." In which case, he may as well pretend not to notice, all the better to hear what new methods she has for skipping work... and then "accidentally" let slip his newfound knowledge to Guuji Yae.
In a meeting with those old fogeys at Tenshukaku, there is no need to speak too quickly. After all, watching grown people argue till they are red in the face over petty issues is quite amusing.
While walking through the streets, he might suddenly consider a certain unique snack stand. Going up to the owner, he'd ask if they are selling anything new, how business is going, buy a drink or two to try... and if he finds it interesting, he'll buy a few back for the rest of the household.
Lately, he also lent some encouragement to the young oni who frequents Hanamizaka due to the latter's bug-fighting troubles — out of the goodness of his heart, of course. He also discovered that this crimson oni did not know what the name "Ayato" signified... which was fine, of course. No need to explain such things.
On the way home, he might pass Chinju Forest and see passers-by having tricks played on them by the bake-danuki, in which case he will point the illusion out. If the bake-danuki should hone their changeling skills further on his account, why, they should thank him for the inspiration.
And of course, even one so talented as Thoma might sometimes struggle to think of what to make for dinner. Such occasions are perfect for a hot pot game! After all, Ayaka always puts the most unexpected things into the pot — and how proud he is of his sister for that!
Yes, these things are indeed the spice of the Yashiro Commissioner's life.
Character Story 4:

Between the butler and the housekeeper, the Kamisato estate is always spick and span, inside and out... except for one location.
Kamisato Ayato's table is always a terrible mess after he uses it.
Books are strewn about, open and even dumped face-down on the table, while documents of uneven size are stacked haphazardly. The ink on the inkstone is never really properly kept, and one might even sometimes find chess pieces or cards under the table.
Each time the clan head gets off work, the servants always need some time to clean his study up.
In the process, they discovered that assorted notes are often clipped between these pages. Upon closer inspection, they are written in different hands, and their content also varies.
"Clan Head, the servants have sent a new batch of flowers. I have placed them in a flower vase in a corner of the table. Please take care not to knock it over again."
"Clan Head, a shrine maiden from the Grand Narukami Shrine came over today, saying that the Lady Guuji wishes to see you. It seems important, as it involves the requisitioning of land in Ritou. She invites you to the Shrine to discuss the details."
"Lord Commissioner, the Momoyo flowers have not withered. The branches grow yet. Do not worry."
"Dear Brother, I learned a new recipe while attending festivities with the Traveler. Considering that (‍​he​/​she​‍) is from another land, do you think... that I might need to make some changes to said recipe?"
"Clan Head, the servants have been reluctant to tell you this, so allow this old lady to say it. If you wish to eat something, please leave it to our housekeeper. Also, please refrain from using the ingredients in the kitchen... How could we make you cook for yourself, after all?"
Ayato's work often sees him leaving home early and returning late. As such, the people of the Kamisato Estate will communicate with him through these means.
This was a method that Ayato came up with himself, and this is how the Kamisato household is run, via these small notes.
Unfortunately, their use has seen the clan head's already messy table become messier still... Oh well, just a small sacrifice. Nothing worth writing home about.
Character Story 5:

In Inazuma, people will sometimes pray to deities by offering certain kinds of cypress leaves.
But as such rituals lack scale, they are often forgotten amidst the many, both large and small, that are conducted throughout the land.
Though some time has passed, Ayato still remembers his mother mentioning that though these cypresses are evergreen, their leaves are not needle-like.
Instead, they have large, crisp leaves that will not wither and fall even when new ones grow.
As such, it is associated with the concept of "prosperity," and was often used in ancient times as ritual plating for food offerings.
Today, people no longer use leaves as mats upon which to spread food, but the habit of offering cypress leaves persists nonetheless.
Perhaps it was just a hobby of hers, or perhaps she was just well-read in general, but whatever the case, his mother always had a great deal to say about festival affairs.
"Perhaps the Kamisato Clan of the Yashiro Commission were born to protect the deities."
In his younger years, Ayato had not fully agreed with this statement.
He believed that the Kamisato Clan was the Kamisato Clan, and that it belonged to the family's members. That was the reason for its existence, and any service to the gods was a job, a matter of circumstance.
But such presumptuous words could never be said out loud, and in any case, Ayato could not bear to interrupt his mother when she looked so excited.
No matter how long she would go on, Ayato would always sit in front of her and listen in silence, even if his legs might fall asleep in the process.
With the passing of years, Ayato's days would be taken up by swordsmanship and books. The one giving the "lessons" was now his father, and the lesson content would turn from ritual affairs to matters that the clan's successor should be concerned with.
His duty to the clan would be something that would occupy yet more space in Ayato's life. Nor was the Raiden Shogun just a mere symbol as she was in his childhood. Now, she was the Ogosho, the mighty defender of Inazuma's eternal peace.
"The Kamisato Clan stands today because of Narukami's mercy. As such, the Clan must defend the road to Eternity, and follow the Shogun eternally."
"This was our agreement, and it is the unchanging rule of our clan. Remember this well."
As for the specifics of what happened, Ayato had already gleaned some of them from reading their ancestral teachings. It was the Kamisato elders' failings that had resulted in the nationally-important Raiden Gokaden to suffer great loss. If not for Guuji Yae's intervention on their behalf, causing the Shogun to show them mercy, the Kamisato Clan may have joined others in falling from grace and ceasing to exist.
This was the grace of Her Excellency, and at the same time, it was a warning from Her servant.
As such, Ayato never snubbed his father's teachings. Though he still believed in protecting his clan above all else, he also understood that Inazuma was sustained by the Electro Archon's protection. Only peace in Inazuma could guarantee the longevity and prosperity of the clan.
No matter how things might change in Inazuma, the Kamisato Clan alone would never betray the Almighty Narukami.
Even if his heart said differently, he could only bury it deep beneath well-maintained appearances.
Just as his mother said back then—
"The divinely-protected cypress will sprout new leaves from ancient branches.
So, too, can the camellia in the courtyard remain fragrant even in the most bitter winter."
Yumemiru Pen Case:

Even Kamisato Ayato himself could not have expected that calligraphy practice, which he had found most boring in his youth, would eventually become a favored pastime of his.
He had slogged through much penmanship practice to better play the part of the Kamisato Clan's eldest son.
But nowadays, he transcribes a few poems from time to time to clear his mind and think in silence.
Of course, this also lets him seem like he is busy with official business even while idle, all the better to avoid seeing some people and doing certain things.
With time's passing, it became agreed among the servants waiting on him that he not only liked to play chess but was also fond of calligraphy.
Such talk would spread widely via word of mouth. As such, Ayato often receives excellent brushes as gifts during festivals or birthdays.
Some of the more speculative have even bought him exquisite and expensive quill pens from overseas.
Ayato has never attempted to clarify this matter, but instead had a lovely wooden case made in which he stores such stationery.
He has always been interested in all things new, and trying out these new pens is indeed fun.
Moreover, these gifts often say much about the person who sent them. Such information thus becomes one of the means by which Ayato can get a handle on them.
That said, though he claims to have bought this case to store stationery, there are three pens that Ayato has never placed inside it.
One of them, slim and well-crafted, is placed on his desk. It shows signs of some wear and tear, but it writes well, and is used for writing petitions.
The second is stored in a drawer at the bottom, its fine tip having seen much loving use in the past when Ayato was practicing calligraphy. Its beginner-friendly nature also saw it borrowed quite often by Thoma and Ayaka back in the day.
As for the third, it is stored deep within a wooden cabinet used to store antiques, sealed within a silk bag. Excellent of make and design, it was presented to him by his mother during his adulthood ceremony.
Vision:

One night, many years ago, Ayato's gravely-ill father summoned him into his presence.
That night, his father seemed a little different from the illness-weathered figure he had become. His expression was solemn, and yet the concern in his eyes was all too clear.
Forcing himself to stay alert, he asked Ayato: was his training done? Had he eaten enough for dinner? How was his swordsmanship progressing?
As Ayato replied, his father nodded with a smile, seemingly satisfied. Yet, his expression would quickly darken, as if there was something he wanted to, but could not say.
After much hesitation, and under his wife's melancholic gaze, his father would finally speak, his voice heavy:
"Ayato... Remember, no matter what happens to the Kamisato Clan in the future, you are our eldest son, Ayaka's elder brother... A successor the Kamisato Clan is proud to have."
After reminding his father to rest well, Ayato would take leave of his parents and return to his bedroom.
The moment he opened the door, he saw the shining Vision lying on his desk.
Ayato had heard since he was young that Visions are signs of the gods' favor, born of human wishes.
Since his youth, he had longed to become the family's pillar, not for any great work, but to ensure that the clan would prosper, and to protect them.
That this Vision should appear now... meant that, perhaps, the time had come for him to take up this burden.
So thinking, Ayato did not call for the servants to light the lamps. Instead, he merely sat down beside the table.
Many things flowed through his mind then like a tide:
His father was gravely ill, and his mother was also unwell. The clan was leaderless, and its competitors eyed its position and power hungrily, as they had for some time now.
His sister was still young, and he had to ensure that she grew up safely. The Shogunate courts were like a sea full of hidden reefs. One had to tread most carefully there...
They could not let go of the Shuumatsuban, command over which had passed down through the family for generations. As for the servants, some few might still be trusted should the Kamisato Clan's strength wane...
And as for Thoma, who had come from a different land, though he was a friend and useful ally both, would he consider other options should the Kamisato Clan truly fall?
These scattered thoughts would gradually straighten themselves out in Ayato's mind, and at their center was his still-unchanged conviction—
He would use any means at his disposal to secure the safety of his family and its future. Obstacles to that goal would be cleared away, no matter the cost.
That night, the Vision was the only light that accompanied him.
And when the first light of the next dawn alighted upon the desk, the young heir was already prepared to face the world.
~~ Kamisato Ayato ends here~~
Kaveh:
Character Stories:
Character Details:
In a land brimming with as much talent as Sumeru, one is practically spoiled for choice when it comes to designers. But when one speaks of architects, few are those who will not subconsciously think of "Kaveh." The Kshahrewar graduate was once named the greatest architect in several decades and is known as the Light of Kshahrewar. Kaveh himself, however, is unfortunately unmoved by this title.
Such lovely names and titles are, to him, acknowledgment and shackles both. For example, Kaveh's insolvency remains a matter of shame for him to this day. A person with little to no standing could just admit to such a thing, but a famous architect cannot. In fact, such undue candor might result in a crisis of reputation for him. So, Kaveh cannot but avoid this topic to save face, and be forced to masquerade as a man living in leisure.
Thanks to his abilities as a designer and his astounding aesthetic attainments, people believe in his talent, and thus, in his facade also.
After all, what could possibly trouble Kaveh, architect extraordinaire?
Character Story 1:

Up till today, one can hear Kshahrewar students discuss and speculate about their alumnus Kaveh at the Palace of Alcazarzaray and various parts of the Akademiya. In the hearts of his Darshan-mates, Kaveh is a genius nigh-unparalleled in the last few decades and an architect of great fame. Kaveh has, by his outstanding works, engraved his name into the history of the Akademiya. If you are to meet Kshahrewar students, it wouldn't hurt to listen to them extol his achievements: Single-handedly designing the Palace of Alcazarzaray, renovating the landmark lighthouse of Port Ormos, modifying the port's elevators and cargo-handling structures, his pioneering role in the spatial optimization of the peripheral areas surrounding forests and valleys... The list goes on.
Clad in these achievements, Kaveh has become more than a simple name, but a synonym for achievement in the field of design. Many wish they could have a resume like his: brilliantly talented in school, invited to work in various major construction agencies after graduation, and leaving after several years to do work under his own name.
All outsider readings of his life stop here, and almost none know of the hidden truth behind the stories — the truth that Kaveh himself is trying to hide. It is true, of course, that he is an exceptional designer. It is a shame, then, this has not allowed him to live the perfect life that others think he does.
He would summarize his past experiences in this way: Misunderstandings are troublesome but inevitable. All people are vulnerable to momentary lapses in judgment and to the influence of rigid labels. For example, their first reaction to "designer" is the fantasy of someone who earns Mora with a flick of their fingers, who becomes famous with but a few strokes of a pen. And when people think about "the arts," the first thing that emerges is the bizarre, unfounded image of some lackadaisical, self-centered soul who swings between bouts of gloom and mania, and who is all too fond of bossing others about.
Kaveh does not fit any such imaginative fantasies. He cannot complete his designs in a single stroke, instead approaching every job earnestly. He dresses like a successful person, but in truth, he does not judge the merit of a project by the remuneration alone. He is principled beyond most other people in Sumeru, believing that "art" is the wellspring of a life in design, and yet does not forsake humanistic purpose or practicality in the process. Indeed, he is willing to make some compromises for these two things. Sometimes, he compromises on rest time, other times it is the ornamentation and trappings of the project... and sometimes it is his own pay.
After many years, he finally succeeded. The Palace of Alcazarzaray was completed, and he returned to Sumeru in glory. His colleagues had naught but praise for the fabled palace atop a large tree, stunned as they were by its designer's astounding imagination. They gorged themselves upon the way in which the structure united architectural function and human narrative into its elegant design values, resulting in luxurious craftsmanship that yet exists as a testament to precision and elegance, rewriting the atmosphere of the surrounding mountainous space with its very presence. No one would say that the Palace of Alcazarzaray was any less than an exceedingly successful experiment.
Those colleagues, however, were blissfully unaware of how Kaveh went bankrupt over this project due to a mix of personal principle, the vagaries of life, and other problems layered atop one another. After all, the truth — much like the troubled gestation of this success — has remained well-hidden thanks to Kaveh's efforts.
Character Story 2:

Kaveh was born into a classic scholarly family in Sumeru. His father was from the Rtawahist Darshan and once worked at the Akademiya, while his mother had graduated from Kshahrewar, and much as he would become later in life, she too was a famous architect. Influenced by them, Kaveh was interested in architectural design from a young age. They would sit in the living room as he sat at home playing with the block puzzles they had bought for him.
Theirs was a house in which words were not necessary, and Kaveh would gain his understanding of "home" from this time.
However, their blissful days were not to last. Some time before he joined the Akademiya, his father would, at his encouragement, join the Interdarshan Championship. The competition itself was not a complicated affair, but his father, who became a favorite to win, would miss becoming champion by a hair, and then proceeded to go missing for a time afterward.
Soon, the bad news came: His father had perished in an accident in the desert. The suddenness of this misfortune threw mother and son into disarray. His mother was hit particularly hard. Being a sensitive soul by nature, her husband's passing would cause her to break down, spending much time in anxious, gloomy thought. As for Kaveh, he would see his father's laugh and promise to bring something nice back for him as he walked out that door every time he closed his eyes to sleep. Young Kaveh thought that had he not said anything, his father might not have taken part in the contest, and he would not have gone missing afterward, and finally perished as a result. But no matter how he begged, the past could not be changed.
His father's death, his mother's agony... all these things that could no longer be taken back were on the account of a single thing he had said. From that day forward, he would live under the shadow of that guilt. His mother would say that her husband was a man with a good heart, and that life at such a person's side made her happy. Indeed, after his passing, she would never again smile. "Home" went from a sanctuary of warmth and light to a cold and lonely hall. Kaveh would often find his mother sitting on the sofa staring at her trembling hands in silence. She could neither draw anything at all, nor even conceive of a design in her mind. Each time this happened, Kaveh would feel like a giant hand was crushing him to the ground, and he would question himself: Were it not for me, would the family have ended up like this?
At that time, he was still young, and he could do very little. Out of guilt, he would do his best to keep his mother company, and he would never wear a disappointed face around her, trying to support her in any way he could, even if such was but a drop in the bucket.
It was amidst this chaos that Kaveh would reach schooling age and, having passed the entrance exams, enroll into Kshahrewar. During this time, he would inevitably spend less time with his mother. She would thus travel to Fontaine to ease her soul a little. There, she would receive a job offer, and upon returning to Sumeru, she informed Kaveh of the good news. Kaveh knew that this would leave him to live alone, but still, he agreed, and even saw his mother off on the day she departed.
He would continue to look on even after her ship had long left the harbor. He would deeply miss her, but he knew that it was best that she left the place that had come to represent so much pain for her. For her sake, Kaveh would never admit that he was lonely. He assured her that he was all grown up now and could live independently. And if he should be kept awake at night by loneliness, pain, or memories of their now-broken family, why, it was his just desserts for egging his father on to take part in the competition. One guilty of harming his parents so deeply deserved all that came to them, and so he must live on bearing that brand.
Given that such thoughts have been his constant companions since, one could say that "home" taught Kaveh how to care, and also utterly purged him of the ability to knowingly harm another person. In the many years afterward, he would remain trapped by his personality and ideals, desiring to help any and all who asked it of him, and unable to truly oppose others even if he wished to try and resist on some matters. Despite the good he often does, his guilt remains. More than this, he cannot accept pure goodwill, for when he makes choices, he believes that he should be punished, and finds some comfort in the pain.
If Kaveh were a sculpture, he would be one that appeared all but flawless, but which would suffer utter destruction if the weak point in its core were to be found.
Character Story 3:

After graduating, Kaveh's first project was helping out with a group project with other students of the same Darshan, though they had different mentors. This being his debut as the person responsible for design, the work weighed heavily on him. But he is (by his own admission) a stubborn person, and he would spend all his energy on his work, and thus would he shoulder the work for others, heedless of the hour, on all manner of projects for two entire years.
Once he had gained enough experience, Kaveh left these cooperative projects behind to work in his own name, gaining a clientele who appreciated his style. Some would ask him to design buildings, and this marked the beginning of his career. By dint of his hard work, he was able to save up a good sum of Mora. It did not take long, however, for Kaveh to hit a bottleneck. The demands of the market were very different from academic design. It was more pragmatic, more snobbish, and the clients' requirements were far harder to meet than his mentors' had been. At the same time, academic trends in Sumeru were disrupting his work. He began to realize that his ideals and career goals were, as a certain someone had said, not easily attainable.
New iterations of the schools of thought and viewpoints amongst researchers were constantly being created, and there was no lack of those who would engage in self-critique and self-reflexive questioning, with changes and improvements in social factors encouraging such considerations. As such, things that were once recommended might someday become objects of criticism, whether they be actual books or art.
But other than those who had given themselves wholly over to art, no one could understand what artists in Sumeru had to endure. As academic accomplishment became ever more prized in Sumeru, researchers would in turn value pure academic accomplishments and practical skills more highly. The Six Sages would grow ever more radical in their ways, and the idea that "the arts provide no real benefits" started to become mainstream. Thus, those who worked in the arts would be marginalized, and those subjects that were often related to the arts sought to distance themselves.
The engineering projects that Kaveh came into contact with were highly streamlined, bereft of flair or style. He would suggest various beautiful designs, only to have them rejected on the grounds that they were "meaningless presentation," or that "this project only needs practical buildings." His original pursuit was to make good designs for all that incorporated both artistic beauty and practicality, but now that the arts had become a joke, and people rejected their necessity and value, no one would give him freedom to work on his designs. Kaveh, believing that architecture was indeed art, resolutely opposed such viewpoints. But his job required him to have technical support and investments, and so he could not escape these circles, nor could he simply put his views out there in the open for fear that he might drag too many others down with him.
With his dreams and career now at odds, Kaveh gave himself a long vacation. But when he returned home, he received an unexpected letter from Fontaine. It was from his mother, and she wrote that she had found someone to whom she could entrust the rest of her life, and as such was going to remarry in Fontaine. It was this news that she would, with great trepidation and expectation, relate to her only relative.
Kaveh wrote back and congratulated her, and would even go to Fontaine to take part in the wedding. It was a simple affair, and only a few guests were present. Seeing his mother smile once more, Kaveh felt glad, but felt lost again almost immediately afterwards.
His mother would leave all her property in Sumeru to him. Three days later, he would return to Sumeru, and once again felt the terror of the empty home — the mere act of sitting on the sofa tormented him with heretofore unmatched solitude. Here, he felt the old adage of all wise scholars being fulfilled: "Do the right thing, no matter what it costs you."
Character Story 4:

The more he continued to work in the construction industry, the stronger Kaveh's displeasure with the current state of society grew. It was at this moment that a turning point came. The wealthy merchant, Lord Sangemah Bay, sought him out to construct a private mansion.
Lord Sangemah Bay had become fairly famous, but Kaveh had no idea that this "Lord"'s name was in fact Dori until they met, nor did he have any reckoning of her power and riches. She only had two conditions for this mansion, that it be large and extravagant. Kaveh would probe her concerning design style and other details, but she was unconcerned with such. Even amongst his clients, Dori stood out as a bit of an oddity. She did business, but seemed to care little for what researchers thought. She wanted her mansion built in a secluded place — for business needs, or so she claimed — and Kaveh was told not to ask too many questions and simply aim to make a truly awe-inspiring estate. As for aesthetics, Dori neither cared for nor stopped him from doing anything he wished.
Kaveh realized almost immediately how rare it was to come by such a commission. A mansion construction project without limitations meant that he could put his all into it. Party A would fork out the resources, while Party B would do the work — was this not how their business should be? And was allowing academic views to restrict development and growth not utterly wrong-headed? So it was with that Kaveh threw himself in planning these designs with a sudden fervor, and, in his role as "Party B," he advised Dori to make some adjustments. A true mogul could not simply live in the mountains. If this estate was to go down in history, it had to be something of truly legendary beauty! A garden was a must, with the flowers carefully selected, of course, with the input of professional botanists. The conceptualization must be bold, the planning conscientious. The buildings themselves would prioritize practicality, but the requested warehouses and facilities would rest upon a luxuriant foundation. And as for location... the cliff-side in the northern mountains looked good. Lord Sangemah Bay would awaken every day with a window onto the loveliest natural views that could be had.
Though Dori would constantly insist that the mansion did not have to be close to a cliff, Kaveh's engineering spirit and aesthetic appetites drove him on to convince her otherwise. Thus did the project begin with a flourish, and as the days passed, work proceeded apace under Kaveh's watchful eye.
Yet his ideals would not be so easily achieved, for though Kaveh's diligence in selecting a site had been immaculate, and he had made every consideration, he could not have anticipated the speed at which the Withering would expand its reach that year. When the work was 70% complete, on a quiet night, the Withering crept in silently, destroying all that had been built overnight. The sight of his creation's devastated corpse struck Kaveh like a furious thunderbolt. Dori, who had rushed down upon receiving the news, was in incomparable fury, demanding that Kaveh leave the project. Though the Forest Rangers quickly dispersed The Withering, the buildings were beyond saving.
Yet he knew that it would be difficult to ever get a chance of this sort again, and so he begged Dori to let him finish the Palace of Alcazarzaray. Dori would point out the crucial problem with stark sharpness: He had been the one to insist on the change of site. Now that the palace had been destroyed, taking the investment put in thus far with it, how could the project continue, even assuming that she did not pursue the matter with him? If they were to rebuild the structure, who would bear the cost for the losses?
Kaveh sat atop the ruins as he contemplated this all night long. He had his savings, and the property his parents had left behind. That had once been his "home," but now, it was just an empty building. And what was a "home," anyway? An architect like him knew better than most that a construction bereft of a family or people to dwell in it was no "home." It was simply a building.
When the sun rose, Kaveh returned to Sumeru City and sold that house. Adding all the proceeds from that sale, along with his savings, to the funds Dori had provided with him, he was able to come up with 70% of the necessary Mora required, with Dori coming up with the rest.
Thus was the Palace of Alcazarzaray built on a beautiful, sunny day. Kaveh had given all he possessed to build a legendary palace that did not belong to him in the slightest. He did not earn a single Mora on this project. On the contrary, some slight overspending on the follow-up work would leave him heavily in debt to Dori. While Kaveh made a token show of resisting, he knew in his heart that he could not deny the fact that he did indeed owe this debt. His heart was once again consumed by that old guilt, and Lord Sangemah Bay, shrewd merchant that she was, could immediately perceive that he was paying not for her sake, but for that of his ideals.
And if someone wanted to martyr their entire fortune on the altar of their ideals, who was she to stop them? Construction was ultimately just business, but ideals were priceless. As for how Kaveh would come to be homeless afterward, that is a different story.
Character Story 5:

After going bankrupt, Kaveh entered into a period of melancholy. The Palace of Alcazarzaray had ever so briefly filled the hole in his heart that had been ripped open by so many things, but it had also proved to him once again that no matter what he gave to attain his ideals, it wasn't enough. He was now directionless, and enmeshed in a world where he could not go anywhere without Mora. And yet he was accustomed since his youth to putting on a brave front, and so Kaveh was unwilling to let his colleagues and friends know that he was nigh penniless even after selling all he owned, and so he went to a tavern, where he would order a few bottles and chat to comfort himself. One bottle later, he would collapse at the table, only to wake up in the exact same position afterward.
Lambad, the tavern owner, had reserved a seat and a few free drinks for him out of kindness, and as thanks, Kaveh helped him redesign and refit the booth seating area of the tavern's second floor. He would occasionally meet friends from his Akademiya schooling days, and with them he would pretend that he was just here to drink and gather inspiration. He would spend over a fortnight in this manner, during which he would encounter that friend that he no longer called "friend."
When discussing Kaveh's old friends, the current Akademiya Scribe, Alhaitham of Haravatat, will invariably get mentioned. Alhaitham enrolled at a later date than most of those his age, but his grades stood out above the rest. People didn't know who he was or where to find him normally, only that he was some student who had gotten high marks. And when his name was mentioned, even the old researchers from Kshahrewar would shake their heads and say that he was too intelligent by half and hard to get along with.
At that time, Kaveh had just parted ways with his mother and was living alone. He would meet this junior student in the library at times, and would speak to him out of curiosity, and thus did he meet the Haravatat genius Alhaitham. But time would go on to prove that wishful thinking alone does not friends make. For Kaveh quickly realized that Alhaitham, though two years his junior and admittedly both extremely talented and incredibly gifted, was also utterly different from him, whether it be in personality, dealing with people, academic direction, and convictions.
Kaveh's time in school would leave him with a great many memories, the least pleasant of which is the group project they undertook together. Each recognized the other's ability, and they decided to conduct research regarding ancient structures, ancient runes, and linguistics, with Kaveh suggesting that Alhaitham be the one responsible for selecting the topic. At first, others would take also take part in the cooperative project, but as the work progressed, the other students dropped out gradually as they could not keep up.
That was the first time Kaveh realized the brutal and all-too-intuitive difference in talent between individuals. The Akademiya linked talent and resources to an extreme degree, and all here knew that. As Alhaitham liked to put it, certain matters have their upper limit determined by talent and their lower bound determined by hard work. Ordinary people and geniuses would be separated by various practical realities, and they did not have to force themselves to fit into a group they did not belong to. Kaveh, however, was resolute in his belief that this was all the result of obstacles that appeared during the process, and that wisdom should be uncovered by many people. To prevent the other students from backing out, Kaveh spent much time and effort helping them with their work, placing a great burden on his own shoulders. Alhaitham persisted in upholding the opposite view, believing Kaveh to be too idealistic in his ways — academia was not charity work, and temporary salvation would not change the reality of their differences in ability. Thus did discord arise between the two.
Finally, the day came when only two people remained working on the topic: Alhaitham and Kaveh. The disputes between them accumulated to a critical mass before exploding spectacularly. Kaveh maintained that Alhaitham was too much of an egoist, that he could be much better welcomed amongst people if he would just care about helping out more often. Alhaitham for his part pointed out that Kaveh's impractical idealism was just a flight from reality, and that it would come to be a burden on his existence someday, and the source of Kaveh's altruism was naught but his inescapable sense of guilt. At that moment, more than anything else, Kaveh felt cut to the quick by someone who was his best friend. Alhaitham had seen through the reality that he had never been able to face, causing him to feel reality's bite for the first time, a feeling that made Kaveh steadfastly declare that he regretted making friends with this all-too-intelligent person. The two parted ways in a single stroke. Alhaitham would remove his name from that thesis, while Kaveh would rip his copy of the thesis apart in a fury — only to put it back together with deep regret. He sensed that he would not be able to change his friend, with the reverse also being true.
Afterwards, the two would later clash in academic journals several times, each criticizing the other's perspective. Before this, the "Decoding the Runes and Architectural Philosophy of the Ruins of King Deshret's Civilization" had made great progress. Its fruits on the linguistics front had filled various gaps in the grammatical logic of some ancient minor languages, allowing for the successful interpretation of many important texts. Similarly, the results achieved in architectural studies had successfully improved the load-bearing structures for some special terrain features in Sumeru, which greatly improved the lives of those living in remote regions. To encourage the project, the Akademiya had even specially designated a research site for its use. Unfortunately, lacking manpower and a united vision on the part of its primary researchers, it eventually ground to a halt.
This failed project became an unavoidable part of Kaveh's past. As the years passed, and he was beaten back by reality time and time again, Kaveh was forced to admit that his persistence born of wishful thinking was not always useful. It was only when he was rendered penniless that he finally understood the deeper meaning behind his friend's past words. A person who wished to ascend to the garden of heaven upon steps made of thin air would inevitably plant their feet on an empty stair and fall to their death. As a genius, Kaveh longed to belong in a crowd, subconsciously fearing separation from it — this was the difference between him and Alhaitham.
Returning to the matter of that table in the tavern, Kaveh was deeply shocked to see Alhaitham, who was coincidentally present to purchase some alcohol, in this place. Alhaitham for his part could immediately tell that Kaveh was in a very bad way. Having been oppressed by life for too long, Kaveh completely unloaded all his woes onto his erstwhile friend right there and then. After all, there was nowhere to hide from his problems, so what use was concealing them in front of the one friend with whom he had fallen out so acrimoniously? He would lament about a great many misfortunes that had befallen him, only falling silent when they left the tavern in the dead of night, and his eyes fell upon a place in the distance that he once called home. Alhaitham, on the other hand, listened intently to Kaveh's words, and seeing through him once more, asked him a difficult question: "How has realizing your ideals gone for you?"
Only reality can force a researcher to admit that they were wrong, but Kaveh did not know what he should consider reality. He yearned for a fantasy so perfect and beautiful that none need flee it, even if the price of this dream was losing himself. He still firmly believed that his ideals were in themselves not mistaken, and that the fault lay only in the methods used to achieve them.
People should not give up, for even if they are doing good in an attempt to make up for something, the results will still have meaning for some. Even if he could not enter that promised land of his ideals, that did not mean the radiance and the attraction of such a realm should be denied.
As for those phantasm-like realities, like how he found his homeless self living his friend's house by happenstance, or how this house, now under the Scribe's name, had been converted from that same research center the Akademiya had offered them back in the day, or how this excess academic asset would not have been turned into a residence at all after numerous transactions, had Kaveh not resolved to give it up... Or how, knowing full well that Alhaitham never did perform a good deed unconditionally, Kaveh would be plagued by guilty conscience and proactively mention helping with household chores, only to become saddled with all the domestic errands... These might be an annoyance for someone at a low point in life, but they are also proof the most unshakable part of one's past is a friend that will never change. Rationality and sensibility, language and architecture, knowledge and human feelings... Things that can never be integrated are what constitute the two sides of the mirror — indeed, of the entire world.
Old Sketchbook:

A thick old sketchbook with a leather cover. It does not merely contain doodles, but also some clippings. Its owner must have been using it as a sort of scrapbook of memorabilia:
Page 1: "Architectural Drawing Basics," Author: Faranak. Postscript: "Mother's book. Is it just me, or does the cover seem to be a bit washed out?"
Page 15: A simple drawing that shows a person falling into quicksand. It is "hidden" because in [sic] the pages before and after it have been stuck together using glue. Postcript [sic]: "Father... Forgive me. I don't know what I should write in order to... Please, forgive me."
Page 26: A topic application form. Postscript: "A fine beginning. Such an intelligent collaborator is hard to come by."
Page 31: Some academic notes and architectural drawings. Postscript: "Our views are aligned, and they are complete." This line has been struck out.
"Our views are contradictory, but it is through contradiction that more speculation and philosophy may be born." This line has been retained.
Page 42: The cover of a thesis that has been torn up, then put together again. No postscript.
Page 47: An excerpt from a school publication. The original title is unknown, and the preserved content is as follows:
"The selfish cannot understand wisdom's final destination. Though all of us might claim to have a place in this great hall of learning, we must understand that it is people, and not knowledge, that make our world what it is. Without a vessel, knowledge shall have no home. Universal values must naturally have some merit to be named such, and denying their general meaning does not mean that minority viewpoints will arise accordingly. This is the case with aesthetics. Beauty is something objective that exists in human hearts. It will not lose its value simply because some people cannot understand it.
"To view oneself as some mighty vessel is to fall to the narrowness of the researcher. Know that truth has never existed for the sake of individuals. The logic of the world coexists with nature, and this will not easily change whether it is interpreted as such or not. Excessive belief in the object is self-disclosure just the same, a manifestation of a lack of confidence in the subject. Moreover, one who is sufficiently self-confident will not need to constantly use plural forms of address, such as 'we.' I alone am sufficient to sustain this position — this I can assert."
Page 56: A hand-drawn sketch of the Akademiya. Postscript: "I shall probably not return to work here, but I do hope that I can return to this place as a speaker on a pulpit one day."
The 20 pages that follow are full of work timetables and notes that accompany pictures. The handwriting goes from precise to messy, indicating that time is growing tighter, and the one writing the notes is busy with work.
Page 85: A sketch too lovely to be called such. It appears to be some mighty work of construction in miniature. Postscript: "Workable, but requires far too many resources. Details to be considered."
Page 91: Messy doodles. All over the place. No postscript.
Page 92: A real estate transfer certificate. Postscript: "This might be impulsive of me, but I cannot refuse this possibility that fills me with so much hope. May everything go smoothly."
Page 101: Some small doodles. Postscript: "I'm done for! I can't draw. I won't draw tomorrow."
Page 107: Interior design images. This appears to be the second floor of Lambad's Tavern. Postscript: "Could I ever do anything better?"
Page 112: Rent records. Postscript: "I mean, I wouldn't call this a bad thing... But how did things turn out like this? That guy definitely wouldn't take me in for no reason and without expecting anything... But what could I possibly do for him?"
Page 115: Suitcase design draft. Postscript: "Mehrak is an ancient word, one I have used as the name for this suitcase. It means 'little light.' More than anything, I hope it really can understand what I'm saying."
Vision:

While he was still a student, Kaveh would often be busy with various projects. During this time, he would visit numerous ruins with fellow students. They were all very young at the time, and were as yet unable to descend to the heart of the tombs, but they managed to achieve significant results nonetheless.
However, the study of ancient ruins comes with its risks, and they would find themselves imperiled despite their professionalism. During one such search, the student team encountered some danger, and there was a cave-in. If not for Kaveh pushing two fellow Kshahrewar students out of the tomb, they would surely have died there. As for Kaveh himself, though he also escaped with some light injuries, he could not stop his fellow students' change of heart. He believed that he was helping them achieve results, but instead most of his fellow students saw only a perceived difference in ability, and troubled by the situation, they elected to quit the project.
Kaveh knew of the objects known as "Visions." He had originally thought that they would appear at moments of crisis, but he had been through one such mortal crisis already, he had not received the favor of the gods, but instead had to use all his strength to drag everyone out of the fire.
Years later, Kaveh graduated, left the Akademiya, and threw himself into his work. He had by then ceased to think about Visions for some time, or even consider further as to what kind of people would come into possession of such an item. People said that only those with a wish could receive divine favor this way — perhaps he was just not such a person.
Everything that happened after flowed like a stream of water, dull and unchanging. He would busy himself with design work, for a while becoming overwhelmed, with the lack of acknowledgment of the arts causing him to feel fatigued. His mother would set up a new family in Fontaine, leaving the house and her other possessions to him, her son... He could do nothing about these things, and they also felt unremarkable and unworthy of mention.
This persisted till the day the first version of the Palace of Alcazarzaray was destroyed by The Withering, and he was sitting upon the wreck of that building, contemplating the whole night through. Suddenly, he would resolve to boldly bet it all on chasing the dream before him, come what may. Thus did he return home and quickly hit up the relevant departments to put things in order. Coincidentally, that day was a smooth one for transactions, and Kaveh spent only half a day transferring ownership of his house, coming to possess a sum of Mora that he would later redirect into that project.
After settling a host of trivial matters, Kaveh would return to the old home he had lived in for many years for the final time. He would use flatbread to place a simplified Palace of Alcazarzaray upon his plate, drizzled with sauce and yogurt, making himself a beautiful snack in the process.
This dish was not hard, and he had been taught to make it by his father in his youth. He had not made that dish much since his father's passing, and it was merely impulse that guided him to give it a try that day. This was not his favorite dish, exactly, but a sudden bitterness stole its way up his throat when he made to smash the flatbread palace and start eating.
Within the shattered bread-palace lay a shimmering Vision.
Kaveh stared at it, unable to believe his eyes. It had arrived quite a few years late, but here it still lay before him, as gorgeous as some fantastic sky-realm — and thankfully, it was a lot closer to him than his ideals were.
~~kaveh ends here~~
Keqing:
Character Stories:
Character Details:
Rex Lapis has brought prosperity and plenty to Liyue Harbor, and his rule and majesty have long passed into show and song, much to the delight of the people. But for someone in such proximity to a god, Keqing seems to lack the requisite respect the most.
"Hmph. Let's be real here, but does Morax really know everything?"
The Liyue Qixing deal with the day-to-day happenings in the Harbor, whether great or small, while Rex Lapis only descends once a year.
While history has shown that following Morax's lead has been the right call, Keqing believes that humans should have their own pride, and that their views deserve equal importance.
As such, she often advocates different opinions from Rex Lapis, and is the first to put such views into practice.
Her radical actions have seen stellar results, but they have also attracted murmurings of opprobrium among those devoted to Rex Lapis.
As Keqing sees it, such opposition are the excuses of those who have grown complacent under the aegis of their deity, and who cannot consider the future of humanity of their own accord.
But someone must walk on the front line of the epoch and create a new path with their own hands — and the Yuheng star is determined to do her part in this endeavor.
Character Story 1:

Keqing is the daughter of an illustrious Liyue family with a proud lineage, and she is better acquainted than most with the influence that Rex Lapis has over the people of Liyue.
Once every few years, in an almost cyclical fashion, a major reshuffle hits Liyue's economy after the Rite of Descension.
Once Rex Lapis' new policies are announced, some families celebrate while other grieve. The poor hope it will offer them the chance to finally make their fortunes while the wealthy pray that theirs will not be swept away in the changing tides.
Rather than carefully analyzing the economic climate, merchants are more prone to making investments based on belief.
And in present-day Liyue, this is a forgivable strategy: Rex Lapis is a powerful deity and he can be relied on for all things.
But Keqing has her reservations about all this: What if, one day, Rex Lapis stops fulfilling his duty? Then what would become of the people of Liyue?
Liyue's present prosperity is akin to a magnificent sandcastle on the beach — humanity does not have the luxury of deciding when the tide will come in.
However, Keqing has been unable to garner majority support for her views. From most people's perspective, life is but a brief insignificant moment in Liyue's long history, and there is no point in working oneself up into an existential quandary.
This perspective, as far as Keqing is concerned, is a lazy and cowardly one that denies there is any value at all in the existence of the human race. "If humans really have no value," Keqing retorts, "then why should we expect the gods to care about us so much?"
Unwilling to compromise on her beliefs, she cast her skepticism on everything — everything from Rex Lapis' loving-kindness, to the people's laziness, to the way that society runs.
Issues affecting humans' fate should be handled by humans, and humans are more capable of handling them with finesse.
Finally, the day came of her now-famous speech at the Rite of Descension.
"Rex Lapis has watched over Liyue for a millennium. But what about the next millennium? What about the next ten, or the next hundred millennia? How long are we expecting this status quo to last?"
On hearing these words, Rex Lapis burst into hearty laughter. But as for what exactly he was laughing about, only Rex Lapis himself knows.
Character Story 2:

Some may be able to keep up with Keqing's forward-thinking ideas, but none can keep up with her pace of work.
Perhaps in an effort to become a role model for her people, she demands of herself to work ten times harder than the average person, and she cannot abide by any measure of laziness or inefficiency.
Humans' abilities and lifespans are more limited than the gods'. This means that one has no hope of living to see the day when humans replace the gods as masters of our own universe if one allows apathy and hesitation to slow themselves down.
Because of this same mindset, she is never able to synchronize her work rhythm with the people around her. Whatever the task, she does not rest until the job is done, and when something should take half the month to resolve, she will pull out all the stops to try and get it turned around within the next 48 hours.
Additionally, Keqing's notion of "completing" something is far more ambitious than simply getting it "finished" — she will make sure that every relevant detail is tied up too. To the outside observer, she seems to be both highly efficient and a perfectionist.
But not everyone is as self-motivated as Keqing, No assistant she hires ever makes it past the three-month mark. She has received countless remonstrations urging her to be less impatient, but she meets each one with a stern rejection. Still, she has, to some extent, come around to the idea that high staff turnover is itself a manifestation of inefficiency, and made some concessions accordingly.
Today, if you encounter an assistant of Keqing's dealing with some matter three, four, or even five years ahead of time, don't be alarmed, this is completely normal. Keqing gave them a bit of a head start, but she'll be catching up before long.
Character Story 3:

"Yesterday's experiences make me stronger today." This is one of the principles Keqing lives by.
Spending all of one's time at Yujing Terrace means seeing the same old things day after day. But to be able to think and act as swiftly as lightning, one needs a huge amount of experience to draw on.
So, if Keqing sees something that needs doing, why, she'll do it herself. For example, she once served for two months as a laborer to better decide how to refine a plan to improve their treatment.
It's hard to imagine that this young lady with so much authority vested in her has pulled carts at the Chasm, rammed earth at the south wharf, and waited tables at small diners.
In addition to working, she also once took the opportunity to gather evidence with which to report a powerful individual known for his abuses.
He was apprehended without any clue as to how he had been exposed, but when he was brought to the interrogation chamber by the Millelith, there he saw a striking young lady dressed in fine robes.
"Hey! Haven't we... haven't we met somewhere before?" The words felt foolish the moment they rolled off his tongue, even to him.
Especially because the Millelith then introduced her as follows: "This is the Yuheng of the Liyue Qixing. Know your place and keep your distance!"
Character Story 4:

Rex Lapis' departure has put Liyue Harbor through a great deal of hardship. All the duties Rex once fulfilled have been taken up by the Qixing and the Eight Trades.
Now that divine rule is a thing of the past, the old strictures left behind can't simply be continued wholesale. But to establish new laws for Liyue, whose history spans several thousand years, is no mean feat.
At first, Keqing was incredibly enthusiastic about this task, having long prepared for this day when she might finally show her mettle. But several months in, and she was still stuck on a single task, land infrastructure — and it was driving her up the wall.
No matter how hard she struggled, the mountain of tasks was like a quagmire. She was making a difference, yes, but not nearly with as much ease as Rex Lapis.
"Why can I only do this much? Why... can't I do it better?" Of course, she had long understood the wherefores here. Her lack of respect for the gods had somehow received their recognition all the same, yes, but that didn't mean that she was ready to simply replace them.
But she was still Keqing, resolute and tenacious. From that day on, she shut herself in, studying classics of various kinds to learn all that she needed. Placing herself lowest, she accepted all that she had hitherto not known with open arms.
During this period, she gained a certain calm, slowly discarding the "opprobrium" she had long held against Rex Lapis.
They were both working for the good of Liyue, after all — and two people who love the same thing need not be on opposing sides.
She also seemingly came to an understanding concerning the smile Rex Lapis had given her during the Rite of Descension. It was, Keqing now believes, an expression of acknowledgement and expectation.
She hasn't lost any of her forceful and decisive manner, no. But sometimes, when she feels lost, she will stop and think: "What would Rex Lapis do at a moment such as this?"
Character Story 5:

Keqing, who has dedicated a large portion of her energies to Liyue Harbor, indulges in an unexpected pastime when she can spare a moment — shopping. On her off days, she changes into ordinary clothes, contacts a few close friends, and enjoys a day of strolling around Feiyun Slope and Chihu Rock, just enjoying the act of buying things.
After Rex Lapis' departure, Keqing managed to maintain this method of decompression despite her busier schedule, though with one subtle difference.
On one of her shopping trips, she happened upon a small and unremarkable stall that sold cute Rex Lapis clay figurines with tiny bodies and big heads.
Persuading her friends to visit the silk store opposite, she approached the stall, took a figurine in her hand, and began to examine it.
She knew that she didn't have much time. So, after glancing around to make sure that no one was watching, she paid for, picked up, and packed away her prize in one swift single movement.
But no sooner had she placed the figurine into her bag and heaved a sigh of relief than one of her friends, silk bundles in tow, tapped her on the shoulder. In the end, all was revealed. Her friends were quite curious: Wasn't Keqing a skeptic among skeptics? Why would she buy one of these?
"For... For introspection, of course! There's nothing wrong with self-reflection, is there?" So she said, and it would be convincing, too — if Keqing didn't already have an entire shelf dedicated to Rex Lapis self-reflection memorabilia...
Survival Hairpin:

Though she is of noble birth, Keqing tries to keep her luxuries to the bare minimum that would befit her position as one of the Liyue Qixing.
And when she is outside the borders of the prosperous city, she will often head deep into uninhabited areas to strengthen her knowledge and sharpen her will.
She has experienced countless challenges, but unlike backpackers and adventurers, she does not bring anything with but her hairpin and her sword. As long as it is infused with Electro, a hairpin can become a knife with unmatched sharpness.
Cutting grass, chopping firewood, skinning game and carving bone are all well within its capabilities.
If faced with a drop of great height, she only needs to pin it into the ground, tie rattans to it, and rappel down.
It also serves as an incredibly sensitive security device when camping out. Any unusual movements nearby will cause it, when tipped over and placed perpendicular to the ground, to alert and awaken Keqing immediately.
It can be used to fish: Keqing just hurls it into the water when she's feeling peckish, and there will always be a few fish that will get knocked out by the electric shock — and of course, finding a stick to grill the fish on is not a problem either.
Some narrow-minded folk have ridiculed Keqing's hairpin for being old and worn, but this does not anger her. Indeed, she considers it a point of pride. "Its weathered form is what gives it its charm."
Vision:

Keqing is likely a skeptic without equal when it comes to the value of Visions.
She knows that everything she has is the result of her own hard work, but that in the eyes of others, credit has been given instead to her Vision.
She once believed that this purple crystal had stolen the pride due originally to her, and that it was both a challenge and an insult from the gods.
In fact, she has tried to destroy her Vision countless times — she's left it in a huge fire for three days and three nights, run over it with a minecart full of rocks, and has even hurled it from the heights of the Jade Chamber.
Unfortunately, she has never been successful.
With no options left, and not wanting it to fall into the wrong hands, Keqing was forced to accept the Vision as part of her life.
With the passage of time, Keqing came to appreciate the Vision. She realized that this item did not actually have any divine will imbued within it, and indeed had numerous practical uses, and as such chose to use it.
"The source of power is far less important than the character of its user."
Regardless of how she may once have regarded it, Keqing's Vision and its powers have become a part of her.
Thank the Archons she hadn't destroyed it back then, or she'd have regretted it for sure — oh, the hardships of being a pragmatist.
~~keqing ends here~~
Kinich:
Character Stories:
Character Details:
Natlan is a nation where humans and Saurians live side-by-side, and this mutualism has lasted for many years.
Such relationships are for the most part friendly, with humans and Saurians as bosom companions.
But this does not mean that all Saurians approach humans with friendly intent. Even today, quite a few deaths still occur due to Saurian attacks.
This is why Saurian Hunters — of which Kinich happens to be a leading member — exist, deeply familiar with the weaknesses of Saurians as they are.
He is of no great age, nor has he been trained by any great master, but through many years of living out in the wild, he has learned the techniques by which he subdues wild beasts and wicked Saurians alike.
Like a natural born hunter, he is steady, direct, and efficient, watching his prey with a gaze as sharp as a boning knife.
But unlike other Saurian Hunters, Kinich is far from limited by this profession. Rumor has it that for the right price, he will also prove himself to be adept at wet work.
It is because of this that many in the tribe keep a distance from him — though of course, some also do so on account of his realistic, utilitarian approach to life.
Regardless of whom he receives his commission from, even if they're a person in a bind, or still a child, he will always request the remuneration he deems suitable.
Nothing can change this belief of his — that all things come at a cost. Such actions provoke confusion, but Kinich has no intention of explaining himself.
If you must have an explanation, you can get one, but only after he sticks out an open palm and asks: "And what price are you willing to pay for that?"
Character Story 1:

Before he was seven, Kinich lived with his family.
His father was a courier who took three days off for every one day of work, and made a pastime out of taking his day's wages to the betting tables, seeking to make far more than he wagered.
If he won, he would bring Kinich a box of expensive sweets, and hand-pick lovely flowers for his wife.
If he lost, he would borrow some money from a colleague to get himself drunk, all the better to cover up his utter lack of earnings or winnings.
But Kinich's mother remained lucid, and would argue with him constantly while holding the little Kinich. At times, the man would admit his fault, promising to never gamble again.
But other times, a kitchenware-shattering domestic war would break out, in which the victor would invariably be Kinich's father, stronger in body as he was, with his defeated mother left to quietly tend to the crops they grew in their backyard—
This resilient woman was not adept at fighting, but was an excellent farmer. And just as well, too, for there were three mouths to feed in that house.
Not long afterward, Kinich's father would go on to lose their house, forcing them to move to the foot of a mountain, far from their tribe.
This arrangement was not without its benefits, for it did come with a larger plot of land. Here, Kinich learned to plant Grainfruit, twist castor oil plants into rope, mix tapioca flour to make thick noodles, and learn the art of trap-making to hunt for forest boars.
But the ills were more evident, for any violence here had no hope of neighborly mediation, the injuries he and his mother would suffer contingent only on his father's state of drunkenness.
One night, his mother snuck out and left without making the slightest noise, leaving her young son behind, perhaps for fear that her husband might pursue her to the ends of the earth otherwise.
Kinich does not recall if she said goodbye to him, but nonetheless, he ably succeeded her housework, farmwork, hunting-craft, and beatings.
As he grew, however, Kinich gradually found means of escape. His athleticism proved exceptional, and as he grew faster each day, his father grew less able to catch him.
Each time he all but flew out the door, the wind would briefly conceal his father's enraged yells, granting him a rare moment of freedom.
And perhaps fate itself had pity on him, for he was soon to experience true freedom. On his seventh birthday, for the very first time, he asked his father if he had news of his mother.
No words were needed for the answer to present itself. His father pursued him, eyes shot through with hangover red, aiming to give him a piece of his mind... But long years of drinking had left the man's body with a shadow of its former strength. As the chase led them past a precipice, he lost his footing by mistake, plummeting off the cliff.
By the time Kinich had reacted, the man with whom he had lived for many years lay at the bottom of a col, unmoving as a forest boar tired of struggling in a snare. He would never again get up.
The first thing Kinich felt was a daze, almost like being snow-blind, before a staggering sourness knocked him out of that torpid haze.
Only by squeezing his eyes shut, scrunching his nose, and breathing deeply, warping and twisting his face in the process, did he manage to hold in the tears.
After some time, he knew not how long, he picked up his father's grappling hook and dragged the man's stiffened body back home.
His father had never taught him how to use such equipment, but Kinich had learned just by watching in secret a few times. Now, he blitzed past one tree branch after another, the wind whizzing in his ears.
On his seventh birthday, the mountains had sent him the gift of freedom — but when he opened the box, he found naught but solitude within.
Character Story 2:

After his parents' successive departures, Kinich would continue living beneath that mountain.
He lived thus: planting, weaving, hunting, going to the tribal market to exchange his quarry for other necessities.
As time passed, this silent lad would make a deeper impression on the adults of the tribal assembly.
Some were worried that he might have difficulty living, and so attempted to provide help, only to be rejected by a shake of his head.
As little Kinich saw things, nothing in this world was free, and seen in that light, free help was far more suspicious than goods with openly stated prices.
It could be bait, like that which he incorporated into his hunting traps, revealing its hidden cost only later.
And so, he would conscientiously drift along the edges of the tribe, keeping all who approached him at arm's length.
Each time he came to the tribe, he would simply trade for the things he needed, then depart right away, never tarrying for long.
All this was witnessed by Elder Leik, who was in charge of teaching the children.
Having interacted with the boy's parents while dealing with the matter of child education in the Scions of the Canopy, he was one of the few people familiar with Kinich's family circumstances.
And so, he proposed a special transaction to the boy when he visited the market.
He wanted Kinich to attend the tribe's Learning Lodge, for children of the tribe who were seven to eight years old should all attend school.
As for fees, he could run errands in lieu of payment, for Leik needed a courier to deliver impromptu notices to the students.
However, Kinich rejected the offer all the same, for he was too young to understand the value of education, and he could hunt seven or even eight forest boars in the time it took to run the errands — hardly a good trade.
Leik was quite dumbfounded, for in truth the Learning Lodge's lessons came free, and he had only proposed the errands to dispel Kinich's vigilance.
Still, the Elder did not give up, spending a whole month explaining the nature of the Lodge to the boy, all the while adjusting the remuneration.
At last, they came to an accord. Each time he came to the markets, Kinich would also go to school, in exchange for serving as the Elder's messenger whenever he was free.
This trade proved satisfactory to both parties — though neither of them expected that Kinich would require but a single day to graduate.
Character Story 3:

Elder Leik happened to be teaching the day that Kinich showed up to school as agreed. The Elder stood at the center of a circle of seated students and motioned for Kinich to find a place to sit.
Kinich sat at the circle's outer edge, the other kids looking him up and down inquisitively. The Scions of the Canopy lived simply for the most part, but even amongst them, Kinich was shabbily dressed.
Barefoot, he wore an ash-stained headband, a coarse handmade linen shirt, and an animal-skin skirt, making him look like a wild child indeed.
"Why don't you wear shoes?" A young girl called out. "Because he's a muddy monkey from the forest," jeered a strong-looking lad and his friends.
Elder Leik immediately coughed to interrupt them and signal that class was about to start.
"Now, children, today we shall speak of our heroes and their sagas. Can anyone tell me their names?"
"'Malipo' Burkina!" "Master Yupanqui!" ... The answers rolled forth from the children in waves.
"That's right. Every one of our heroes deserves to be remembered, not only for their strength, but also for their spirit of self-sacrifice."
At this moment, Kinich raised his hand from where he sat, furthest beyond the circle. "Why would they want to sacrifice themselves?"
"There is no particular why or wherefore. That is simply a virtue innate to heroes," the Elder replied. "And what did this virtue get them in return?" Kinich asked again.
"Virtue is a thing beyond price. It cannot be exchanged for anything, for it is a reward from the heavens."
"A reward?" Kinich's doubts had not been assuaged. "What sort of reward, exactly? Fame? Mora?"
"All these, of course, but they were not the key. The key is virtue itself, for it is the basis of noble character, and that is what makes a hero a hero."
The old scholar closed his book and gave Kinich an earnest look, though the boy had not particularly understood this statement. Instead, he was thinking back on the past—
The mountains told him that the forest boar was the noblest of things, for it could fill his stomach. The next noblest was water, for without it, humans would die of thirst.
But neither of these were his birthright, and that made them precious. Thus, when he gave them up, he would seek something in return.
Mora was the "something" he preferred best, for it could be exchanged for many other things.
And so he told Elder Leik, "If I become a hero, I want to be rewarded with Mora."
How the other children laughed then, the boy who had mocked Kinich foremost amongst them. "Why don't you go back and swing in your trees then, selfish mud monkey?"
But his little gang was not satisfied with just this. Standing up, they squeezed Kinich out the door. Though Elder Leik tried to stop them, Kinich took the opportunity to leave all the same. He felt no need to stay there any longer, for his keen mind had caught onto a certain truth—
These noisy brats in the Lodge were just that — brats. As they gathered to heap praise upon the heroes, it must have seemed to them that they had become the companions of those heroes, sharing in their nobility. But such false glory would not teach them how to fill their tummies. Once school was over, every single one of them would have to return home and be fed by their mothers.
Kinich could have taught them a lesson right there, too. Laid a couple out for half a month or so, just to let them know how far they were from being heroes.
But what use was there in giving out free life lessons... emphasis on "free"?
Still, this class was not an entirely fruitless endeavor. If nothing else, he now had some answers to his doubts.
He knew what he must do in the future. Become a hero — for the Mora, that is.
Character Story 4:

A hero needs to be strong, that much cannot be contested. Not long after he graduated from the Learning Lodge, he would seek Elder Leik out on his own to suggest how he might gain this strength.
To secure the Elder's approval, he even brought all he owned, hoping that it might constitute a worthy price:
Grappling hooks and trap-making equipment, freshly-harvested castor beans, two large pots of tapioca flour, a bag of Grainfruit seeds, a freshly-slaughtered forest boar, and a small amount of Mora.
The Elder laughed and rejected Kinich's offer of remuneration, on one condition, that Kinich learn what it truly meant to be a hero on his journey.
In truth, the Elder had always cherished high hopes for the boy, for he could see a reflection of the ancient heroes within him.
At the same time, he believed that Kinich required proper guidance, for should he set out on the wrong path, he could do far greater damage than your average villain. Thus, a new trade was agreed upon.
In this way, Kinich would live alongside Elder Leik in the mountains and forests for many years.
And even as the Elder taught Kinich about the history of Natlan and the heroes of its various tribes, he would also recommend many notables to the lad.
A fletcher who made special arrowheads, a witch doctor specializing in Saurian poisons, an old hunter skilled in the use of ropes and grappling hooks, an expert in escape and evasion from dire situations...
Kinich would never reject such expertise, and learned much from them day and night, but this alone did not satisfy him, and on designated rest days, he would return to the mountains to hone his combat skills.
Without a formal teacher in this regard, he would imitate the motions of wild animals as they hunted. Some were agile, others cunning, and others fierce, and so he took their strengths and incorporated them into his own unique martial arts.
As his abilities grew, Elder Leik would also guide Kinich to take on more duties within the tribe, beginning with courier work.
Kinich proved skilled at this beyond even many adults, doing all that they could in half the time.
With his skills, it was no surprise that people would gradually come to him, offering payment in exchange for more dangerous services, including the slaying of powerful Saurians.
The Elder initially assumed that Kinich might come to ask his opinion, but not once did this happen.
In this regard, the young man was like a veteran of over ten years, always able to judge the merits of any commission and negotiate suitable payment.
And when there was falsehood or concealment involved in such commissions, Kinich would forcefully weigh the cost upon the scales of his heart and adjust the price accordingly, regardless of whether the other party might refuse.
Such behavior, of course, led to some criticism, and there were important folk even within the tribe who felt that Kinich did not give his work enough care.
But the young man would never explain himself, simply continuing to set the prices he saw fit for each assignment he was given.
Even Elder Trinidad, who had charge over ritual matters, took issue with this at one point, and sought to summon the lad for questioning. However, Elder Leik stopped him.
"Come now, no need for all this fuss. The lad knows what he's doing."
"It's preposterous! The Scions of the Canopy have never called any such person a hero!"
"And that's where you're mistaken. He has never been a Scion of the Canopy. He is a scion of the mountains — the only sort of hero he will become is the sort he wishes to be."
Character Story 5:

It may seem strange that Kinich, loner that he is, goes nowhere without a certain self-proclaimed "K'uhul Ajaw" — meaning "Divine Lord" — hanging around him.
According to reliable research by the Saurian Relics Association, Ajaw is a bona fide relic from the era of dragons, dating back several millennia.
His true form has been sealed within an enigmatic engraved wristband, his current one being a mere projection via phlogiston.
Considering his great age and intelligence, the Association researchers believe Ajaw to have immense research value, and have attempted to purchase him for a more than hefty price.
However, Kinich is well-aware that Ajaw is all too intelligent, has an all-round awful personality, and poses an immense threat, and has thus rejected them without hesitation.
He knows that Ajaw is, without a doubt, dangerous — arrogant, cunning, chaotic, and wicked.
Indeed, were he to hand the relic over to the Association, the organization's very existence might soon be in jeopardy.
But there is a more direct reason behind Kinich's refusal to hand Ajaw over — they have signed an unbreakable pact.
All this goes back to an ancient dragon ruin that was rumored to contain a "secret draconic treasure." It was unearthed due to an earthquake, and before long, had attracted much attention.
After more than a few initial surveying parties were lost, however, any interested parties that were still remaining began to wise up.
At this time, Kinich was already a Saurian Hunter of some repute, and thus was invited by one such team to join.
It was only after they had entered that they found the place teeming with monsters and mechanisms, discovering that it was far more perilous than the rumors had suggested.
Some died, others were wounded, and others still fell back, until at last only Kinich reached the ruin's depths.
And that was where he encountered the ancient being, K'uhul Ajaw, who had been sealed away.
He immediately sensed the wickedness in the other party's voice, but also realized that its power might be useful even so.
As for Ajaw, he had his own schemes. Having been sealed here in this blasted hovel for countless years, he longed to see the sun once more.
And so, after several days of mutual testing that was at times friendly, other times hostile, but always brimming with intrigue...
Each had the other's measure, and so a contract was signed, a pact struck.
The mysterious life-form that called himself "K'uhul Ajaw" would henceforth heed Kinich's commands, and lend the former a share of his strength, in accordance to their contract, on a temporary, limited, conditional basis, and in restricted amounts.
In exchange, Kinich would take Ajaw out to see the outside world, and upon his passing, his body would be Ajaw's to take for his own use.
"The Hill of Silent Crickets":

Kinich has read a great number of Elder Leik's collected books and woven scrolls while studying in the latter's home.
Some he has simply skimmed the title pages of, but others, he has read over and over.
Still, none of them compare to "The Hill of Silent Crickets," which he even recommended to the Elder.
After reading it, the old scholar stated that its prose was rough-hewn, its narrative plain, and its imagination lacking — and most importantly, it was an unfinished manuscript.
Kinich was dumbfounded for a moment, but it did not change his love for the text, for its writer had been his mother.
The draft depicted a cricket species that lived underground. There they lived out their entire lives, before climbing up to the surface to mate before dying.
Thus did they live for generations, until one day, a great upheaval shook the under-earth, and the soil temperature surged, killing off the crickets in their droves.
The remaining survivors chose to hide by burrowing ever deeper — all save the protagonist, a champion amongst crickets who chose instead to climb back up to the surface.
It wished to know what had transpired above, and see if there was some way to resolve this crisis.
But when it emerged, it found that the once-verdant mountains had been rendered desolate by the war between humans and monsters.
Plants had withered, the earth was scorched, and drifting ash blotted out the sun, the air now choked with phlogiston, deadly poison to cricket-kind — for this was the land that in latter days would be called the Mare Jivari.
The cricket hero, filled with resentment, fell to the blackened ground, but as its life's spark faded, it used up the last of its strength to lay a single cracked crystal egg ...
The story ends abruptly here, with none ever knowing if a little cricket might come forth from that egg, and that was the key reason for Elder Leik's low opinion of the tale.
Yet that was exactly why Kinich liked it — for it meant that he could look forward to the day when he might see the ending of this manuscript.
Vision:

Even after obtaining his Ancient Name, Kinich made no promises that he would follow the example of the historical heroes in sacrificing himself for the many.
He simply took part in that Night Warden War without a word, and threw himself into the jaws of the glorious death that awaited him without hesitation.
That was a perilous battle indeed, with the Abyss's power having taken on a new and vile twist, now wearing the shape of those near and dear to the warriors, and ambushing them thus.
Up against familiar faces, the warriors began to hesitate one by one, and though they did so only for an instant, that was enough to spell their defeat and fatal doom.
Kinich too encountered this dilemma, for the one standing before him was his mother, just as he remembered her.
He had once thought to himself, should he ever meet her again, he would first ask her how "The Hill of Silent Crickets" ended.
But in that moment, his hunter's instincts proved swifter than his mind, for no sooner had the Abyssal entity masqued as his mother spread its arms to embrace him than his blade ran it clean through.
Following that, he proved all the more merciless in cleaving each "familiar face" that followed — yet not truly in cold blood, for each mortal swing of his sword was as another weight on his heart.
He simply understood that only victory could bring back all the fallen now, and each sacrificed comrade steeled his blade still further.
But the monstrosities came on as though a swarm of ravenous locusts, and the warriors had already taken serious losses in the previous surprise attack.
And so they fell, until Kinich at last found himself the last person standing, his vision clouded by blood, and his body savaged by wounds; yet still the monsters pressed in.
He knew that this was the end of the line, and that was also the first time he heard dignified solemnity in Ajaw's voice:
"I fear this is as much power as is mine to display, Kinich..."
"But I swear on my name, K'uhul Ajaw, that upon my accession to your form, you shall all be avenged."
Hearing this, Kinich laughed out loud, a rarity for him, and with laughter did he raise his great blade, cutting down yet another few creatures as they drew near.
All the same, he was utterly spent, and his guard grew ever sloppier, until one monstrous claw ran his chest through from the rear.
Slumping over, Kinich could see fresh blood spurting from the wound as he looked slowly down, but still his feet staggered on, eager to slay another monster.
Crimson droplets meandered across the ground behind him, their trail composing his finale. At last, his body sank to its knees. He could do no more. The final bar line had been inked.
Kinich, last of the Night Warden warriors, was slain.
Ajaw closed his eyes to give the fallen their due respect... only to open them to a stunning sight.
Kinich's fallen form had risen, his hands, just now bloodless and white, gripping his claymore tightly.
Thus did "Kinich" plunge into the Abyssal tide once more, his tireless blade flashing across the battlefield...
Recovering from the shock, Ajaw looked closely, and lo! A heart-patterned, emerald-hued gem now hung where Kinich's chest had been pierced — though when it had appeared, he knew not.
From it flowed vibrant life, driving Kinich's unconscious form on, transforming him into an indefatigable beast of instinct, tearing into the monsters until every last one was no more...
...
When Kinich next opened his eyes, he found himself back at the Stadium of the Sacred Flame, people all around singing the searing Ode of Resurrection.
He turned to see his comrades, bathed in streaming song, awakening one by one.
"We... won? But who..." Kinich mumbled, grabbing at his chest. He was so sure that he had fallen before the forces of the Abyss.
But someone must have intervened to grant them victory, for otherwise, the Ode would not have revived them.
"What claptrap are you spouting? You did it, you demented, hard-scrabbling, lucky little grasshopper!" Ajaw, splayed out on the floor and clearly frustrated, threw a stone his way. "Bah! Was gaining my succor insufficient for you? Clearly! And now you've gone and gotten a Vision... Oh, when will your body be mine to use!?"
...
The night he was given new life, Kinich leaned back on his bed, running his fingers over his emerald Vision.
Sights flashed before his eyes. The crowd swarming him, the thunderous applause, the sacred, burning Ode of Resurrection...
It came to him then, out of the blue, that he had deviated from his original goal.
He had struck out to become a hero for Mora's sake, but now, he fought for something far more precious.
His comrades, his homeland, the laughter and joy of the people... He knew not when this process had begun. Indeed, the seeds of change may have been sown long before.
"We remember our heroes not only for their strength, but for their spirit of self-sacrifice..."
"That is a virtue innate to heroes..." "For it is the basis of noble character, and that is what makes a hero a hero."
Kinich faintly recalled Elder Leik's first lesson. He did not think himself more noble, or more self-sacrificial than he had been then.
What he was, however, was surer that he was willing to pay any price to obtain what he now wanted.
~~kinich ends here~~
Kirara:
Character Stories:
Character Details:
If you ask anyone in Inazuma which delivery company is the most reliable, the name "Komaniya Express" will surely be mentioned.
If you were to continue the line of inquiry and ask just what about their service left the deepest impression, you would see a smile creep onto their lips as they tell you of a certain special courier...
That adorable, vivacious young youkai with two twin twirling tails. After you thank her for delivering your package, she will bow deeply while wearing an expression of unadulterated bliss, as though she was the one receiving the gift.
If you're willing to spend the time to leave a 5-star rating on the feedback board or give her a few snacks, you may even see stars of joy shoot from this youkai's eyes as her tails swish back and forth.
Ah! But the same people who tell you this will also warn you that this nekomata isn't some weak little thing you can pick on. If you have designs on packages that don't belong to you or get carried away and try to touch her tails... Well, then you'll have to face the consequences.
After hearing all this, it's hard to resist going to Komaniya Express...
"Excuse me, I have a package to deliver, and I was hoping the neko—"
Without waiting for you to finish, the owner turns around and shouts "Kirara! Another one for you!" as though it were an everyday occurrence.
At that moment, a beaming girl will bound towards you, quickly fix her hair and adjust her clothes, and say with a smile—
"Welcome, and thank you for choosing Komaniya Express!"
Character Story 1:

Kirara's earliest memories are of wandering the wilds of Inazuma.
Back then, she was a nameless kitten with but one tail, and woke every morning with an empty, growling stomach. After a stretch, a yawn, and a single "meow" as though to bellyache about her circumstances, she would begin to hunt for breakfast. The menu often included finches that had let down their guard, or overly curious young fish too near the shore.
Whenever she encountered adventurers out in the wilderness, she would lie down at a safe distance and watch intently as they fished out all kinds of marvelous instruments from their packs. Fwoosh! Suddenly there was a fire roaring. Bong! A strange cauldron was set over the fire. And then, with a bubbling sound, an intoxicating scent would occasionally waft over on the breeze...
Observing this process with wide eyes, to her it was as if she had witnessed magic. Thus a yearning for human society began to flutter about in her chest, as though a butterfly had flown into her heart.
During a frigid winter night with the biting winds howling, Kirara, still a small kitten, was frozen to the point of being unable to feel her tail.
"Gotta find a warm place to hide. Even a hollow in a tree will do..." She thought to herself. But when she was able to look up, she saw a cluster of warm lights flickering not too far away...
This was the first time Kirara entered a human home, and while she was curious about everything around her, she was also frightened. The owner of the house seemed not to notice the kitten that had found its way into her home, but Kirara paid little notice. She found a small square box near the entryway into which she snugly fit, and into it did she sit, falling asleep almost immediately.
"I'll just rest the night, just one night..." were her last thoughts before dreams took her...
Yet when she awoke, she found a warm fire crackled away next to her, and beside it was a fragrant bowl of nekomanma. Directly across from her was an old lady in the middle of knitting a woolen sweater. The old lady seemed to be trying to say something, as though encouraging her to eat. With her tail down and guard raised, she cautiously took a bite of that aromatic nekomanma in front of her that she was so curious about...
It was the most delicious thing she had ever eaten, to the point she began to doubt whether or not she was still dreaming!
And so, she stayed in that cozy little home for one winter after another, and heard story after story from that kind old woman...
On occasion, when Kirara thinks back to that first night, she'll cock her head and ask herself:
"Strange... what was I thinking about before I fell asleep again...?"
Character Story 2:

Kirara enjoys human cities, with their fireworks, marketplaces and scattered eaves. There is always something she's never seen before, waiting to be discovered.
When she first became a nekomata, she used her youkai powers to enter Inazuma City in a human form. She eagerly explored every nook and cranny in the city, and not even the roof of the Almighty Shogun's Tenshukaku was immune from her curiosity. This is the reason that the Tenryou Commission is one of the addresses she is most familiar with.
Though the Tenryou Commission taught her rules like "don't climb on other people's roofs" and "don't eat the ornamental koi", then she learned "how to be a good youkai in human society" from none other than the Lady Kitsune of the Grand Narukami Shrine. Kirara has caught the eye of "the greatest and coolest youkai," as she calls her, and Yae Miko, for her part, has been willing to impart all her experience upon her lively and interesting junior. Upon learning that Kirara felt the streets and alleys of Inazuma City were priceless treasures, Miko recommended that she seek employment at Komaniya Express.
"If you want to blend into human society, then you must work like an ordinary human. This is most important." Thus spoke the Lady Kitsune.
"Ah, yes," the illustrious priestess appended, "Packages addressed to Guuji Yae at the Grand Narukami Shrine must be given the utmost priority. This is even more paramount than what I just said before!"
Character Story 3:

Sometimes, bandits with less than honorable intentions will covet those bulging parcels. Hiding beside the paths that the deliveries must take, they carefully eye the passing couriers.
If the delivery person looks tough, or is in a group, the bandits won't risk it. After all, it's just another day with an empty stomach at most.
But when they chance upon a courier like Kirara, appearing delicate and traveling alone, their hearts leap with joy and anticipation. They can nearly taste the Mora that has fallen neatly into their laps.
When Kirara passes, the bandits emerge from concealment and surround her, maliciously blocking her way forward.
"Huh? Do you need something?" Kirara stops uncertainly.
Upon closer inspection, this young lady has two tails. Strange, to be sure, but she looks frail and her face is kind — the perfect prey, through and through. Even better, the pack she carries is bursting with thick packages. Truly, this is a good day for a robbery!
"Uhm... If you have packages you'd like to deliver, please visit our Inazuma City offi—"
Most bandits don't even let her finish before brandishing their blades. The more polite sort will attempt to persuade her to put down her delivery pack willingly for her own safety. The desperate will simply swarm her, hands outstretched to plunder.
But whatever their methods, the result is always the same—
The next morning, several large boxes will have appeared on the doorstep of the Tenryou Commission. Under the "Type of Goods Delivered" section of the delivery slip sealing the packages, a single word will be written: "Meanies."
Character Story 4:

When she first moved to Inazuma City, Kirara would often lie by the roadside, observing the pedestrians passing by.
"Oh! So this is how human girls dress..." Her wish to join human society made her very conscious of her own outfit, and whether or not it was similar to those around her.
In the springtime, girls would often pluck a flower to place behind their ear or in their hair... Soon after, a special accessory became quite popular... Then everyone began flocking to some particular style of bracelet...
Kirara accepted every style without question, imitating every trend as she saw it. She never thought there was anything wrong with what she was doing, just that all those accessories would occasionally restrict her movement and make it hard to climb up and down. It was so different from being a kitten out in the countryside!
This persisted one day, when she was delivering a package to an old customer named Chiori, and she received a serious dressing down...
At the time, Kirara had politely knocked on the door before gently pushing her way inside. But she couldn't have known that Chiori would glare at Kirara as though she were a cat that had fallen into a bucket of paints...
This Inazuman fashion designer who had opened a famous design label in Fontaine was already quite familiar with Kirara, and so she spoke directly—
"Utter insanity! What did you do on the way here? Fight Specters? What kind of garbage have you covered yourself in? How did that garish flower get stuck in your hair? It's assaulting my eyeballs. Really, the only thing on your entire body with a speck of taste is those shoes..."
"Um, Chiori, y—you know th—those are just m—my feet..." Kirara managed to stammer nervously.
Chiori buried her face in her hands, and immediately picked up her scissors and some cloth before pulling Kirara into a changing room.
"Now don't you misunderstand! It's just that I'd be embarrassed to let anyone see you walking out of my shop looking like THAT!"
The dressing down became a dressing up, and after the sound of snapping scissors and swift needlework faded to silence, Kirara had the outfit she now wears today.
From then on, she had a new task when delivering packages: answering client's questions about just where she got that delightful outfit. Thus did the reputation of Chiori's shop spread far and wide.
"Hmph. I told you my judgment was immaculate." On this delivery run to Fontaine, Kirara found her friend in seemingly much better spirits.
"Other than the clothing orders, is there anything else?" Inquired Chiori.
"Yes, there is, it's just that..."
"Come on, out with it, stop beating around the bush!"
"The customers are asking... if you, that is, your shop... Can you release a shoe design that looks like a cat's paw pads?"
Character Story 5:

To Kirara, every delivery is a priceless treasure. Each package takes her to different places, and allows her to see all kinds of scenery.
After work, Kirara would go to the "Undelivered Packages" section of the warehouse, and see all the myriad reasons that packages couldn't be delivered to their recipients.
"Filled in wrong address," "recipient moved," "wrong name"...
Each stranded package was like a fish bone lodged in her throat, choking her slowly. Thus, she began to quietly record the details of each package, and used her routes during work and spare time to discover the whereabouts of each recipient.
This resulted in the reputation of Komaniya Express increasing by the day, as customers rushed to praise the reliability and quality of their service: No package was undeliverable.
When the owner of Komaniya Express heard of this, they spent all night designing a new title to issue to Kirara: Gold Level Courier.
"Actually, when I saw that the 'Undelivered Packages' section was empty, I thought we'd been robbed..." confided the owner.
For Kirara, her greatest happiness is the moment she delivers a package into the hands of the recipient. After a long day making deliveries, she likes to climb to a high place, taking in the sights of the city while listening to the sounds of mirth drifting upward from the markets.
This is when she recalls her days as a kitten, listening to stories on the lap of that old lady. The twists and turns and sudden reveals, the fantastic beasts and monsters, all gently follow Kirara's memories like the cool evening breeze, blowing gently into her heart.
And just like the old days, she gently closes her eyes as the stories intermingle with her dreams, welcoming the arrival of tomorrow with contentment.
Mystery Packages:

Some clients of Komaniya Express may be surprised to discover a mysterious package at their door. Most of these packages are small and exquisite, and beautifully decorated.
Cupping the parcel in their hands and shaking their heads, they might think it strange, as they haven't bought anything recently, nor is there any writing on the package. But they may have already forgotten that in the not-too-distant past, they gave some snacks to that courier with two tails.
Each package usually contains a lovely little gift, such as a dried flower of the Nilotpala Lotus, a Starconch ornament, or if the household has young children, a Scarab with peculiar patterns on its shell!
These are all items that Kirara has collected while out on her deliveries. To her, each is a novel and fascinating treasure, and perfect as thank-you gifts. Unfortunately, the rules of Komaniya Express forbid any transactions between employees and clients. Thus, Kirara must make each small box herself, adding cute decorations, and quietly placing them on the recipients' doorsteps.
However, the beneficiary of by far the most "mystery packages" is a small home in the Inazuman countryside...
Though Kirara is quick to say she never wants to go back being some "great youkai" roaming the mountains and valleys, whenever she has time, she will always run back to that old house from that frigid winter's night. Leaving a present at the door, if she happens to find the old woman sunning herself in the yard, she'll immediately return to being a cat. "Meow, meow," she'll call, jumping up onto the woman's knees, curling up into a ball and pouting for attention.
"Ah! Back, are we, Kirara?" The old woman smiles and laughs. She doesn't know that this little cat is already a renowned courier. All she knows is that she often goes out to "play" for ever longer periods.
"You really are growing up so fast. I remember when I found you in the box, you were such a tiny little thing..." Scratching Kirara's head, the old woman fishes out a round, shimmering pearl and places it on her paw pads.
"See? This is that Sango Pearl from the story. Now, I don't know who it's from, but there it was on the doorstep, along with some snacks, too." The old woman also quietly observes to herself: "When I wake up, the house is so clean and orderly, and breakfast is already prepared. How very odd..."
"Why, you haven't grown into a youkai who takes care of me in my old age, have you, little cat?"
Whenever Kirara hears this, she stretches innocently, letting out a contented yawn as she pretends to have no idea what the old woman is saying.
After speaking, the old woman falls silent and just smiles warmly. The two of them then continue to enjoy a leisurely afternoon bathed in sunshine.
Vision:

One night in the depths of midwinter, Kirara was lying down by the coals, taking a nap. But try as she might, she simply couldn't sleep well.
The charcoal had long burned out, and even the smoldering embers had gasped their final breath as the chill wind rattled in through cracks in window frames and seeped under the doors. Kirara involuntarily curled up tightly, hugging her tail close. Lately, her tail was always itchy and restless, and no matter how much she licked it, it was never enough to calm it.
"Strange, Granny left this morning, she's been gone way too long..." she quietly mewed to herself.
The final lingering ember became darkened ash, and even the residual warmth it had provided was snuffed out. Kirara stretched out and looked out uneasily at the snowflakes falling outside the house, and then quietly leaped out the window.
The snowflakes under her feet were chilly, and her paw pads soon ached from the cold. Climbing onto the roof, she gazed out towards the city. But the moon was totally obscured this night, and the surroundings were pitch black without even a speck of light.
"I remember there was a really really tall tree nearby..."
Kirara's tail seemed even more anxious than she was. As she climbed, it repeatedly refused to obey her mental commands and nearly caused her to fall.
The tree stretched ever upward, so tall it seemed without end. Kirara did not think about just how high she had climbed. Instead, stories of youkai and humans raced across her mind. It seemed as if she wasn't climbing a tree but pursuing days gone by, and if she was but a step too slow, all might slip away forever...
"Faster, just a bit faster..."
Finally, she reached the crown of the tree, and all the world lay spread beneath her. In the distance, a dazzling light suddenly lit the blackness before her eyes like a firefly — the light from the city at night.
In that moment, it was as if something dormant in Kirara's heart was ignited, and all the fantastical stories of the past had finally become reality, a thousand rays of shimmering light streaming into that galaxy of fireworks. The stories that had once seemed so far away were now so close she could almost reach out and touch them, and she now yearned as never before to bask in that glow.
"Ah! I see her!"
Somehow, an unseen power helped Kirara pick out the one person she desired to see amongst the dazzling stream of lights.
When she safely alighted back on the ground, the clouds parted and the moonlight cast her shadow upon the snow, a shadow that now boasted two tails...
"Are you sure you don't want to stay the night? The snow has only just stopped, and getting back won't be easy," urged the landlord.
"No, no, I couldn't! I have a little cat at home, waiting for my return, haha..." laughed the old woman as she stood before the entryway.
"If that's the case, I'll take you back!" A young female voice suddenly rang out from outside.
The landlord and old woman peered outside, and there they saw a youthful lady with two restless tails, and a shining Vision dangling from her waist.
~~kirara ends here~~
Klee:
Character Stories:
Character Details:
When the patrons of Mondstadt's taverns are asked about the strongest knight of the Knights of Favonius, three names are likely to come up:
The highly reputable Acting Grand Master Jean, Cavalry Captain Kaeya, and the mysterious tycoon, Diluc.
However, some claim to have witnessed, albeit through bleary, drunken eyes, a knight in red, leveling the entire Stormbearer Mountains.
If one wants to find this mysterious knight, then they need look no further than the solitary confinement cell inside the Knights of Favonius Headquarters.
If the cell is found vacant... then something explosively unfortunate is likely about to take place...
Klee is well known for the danger she presents. As an official member of the Knights of Favonius, her strength in combat cannot be underestimated.
As a hyperactive child, meanwhile, her destructive capabilities cannot be overstated.
After all, while other Mondstadt children her age are still playing with regular toys, Klee's favorite toys are... live explosives.
Character Story 1:

Three years ago, Klee was entrusted to the Knights of Favonius by her parents, who were famed adventurers.
This was how the fates of Klee and "that boy in white" became intertwined with their "family" in Mondstadt.
Klee is curious about everything in the outside world. She has an innocent passion for explosives, and is incredibly enthusiastic in all that she does.
Under the protection of the Knights of Favonius, she is protected from harm and those of ill intent.
This young girl soon forged an unbreakable bond with everyone in the Knights of Favonius.
Being sent to the solitary confinement room by Jean, helping Amber improving Baron Bunny, as well as developing new bombs...
These parts of Klee's life are all invaluable treasures to her.
Character Story 2:

"The apple doesn't fall far from the tree..."
Jean sighs to herself as she sits down at her desk, head in hands, faced once again with a stack of damage reports.
Carts blasted beyond repair, storage shacks burnt down, forest fires that the knights barely managed to contain...
Not to mention the suspiciously high number of deaths from unnatural causes among the fish of Starfell Lake.
There's only one potential culprit behind all of this, and she just so happens to be one of their own...
"Klee!"
Faced with Jean's stern glare, the harmless-looking Klee surrenders all her concealed explosives.
She is then escorted to solitary confinement, despite her protests amidst floods of tears.
This occurs about once or twice a week at the Knights of Favonius.
Character Story 3:

Of course, Klee always tries to help clean up the messes she's made.
However, sometimes her reckless personality makes things worse still.
For example, she once wanted to apologize to everyone by making some BBQ fish, but ended up blowing the stove sky-high.
Then there was the time she got into a fluster and tried to put the fire out... with wind — which obviously resulted in the whole plain going up in flames.
Klee is not a bad kid by nature, it's just that her curious and playful nature always results in her failing to think before she acts.
And every time she gets into trouble, she guiltily tries to make up for it.
Though once Jean lets Klee out of solitary confinement, there's usually no more than a day or two before the sound of explosions return to Mondstadt.
The "Spark Knight" always manages to live up to her title in a range of unexpected ways.
Character Story 4:

Though Klee always ends up causing trouble for the Knights of Favonius and Mondstadt, she isn't just some rookie who drags the team down.
On the contrary, her skills with explosives can be quite handy if applied correctly.
Once, Jean was able to defeat a horde of invading hilichurls utilizing Klee's special talents alone.
However, Klee also forever changed the face of Stormbearer Mountains in that same operation due to recklessly placing too many charges...
Needless to say, everyone was more than a little shocked, but at least no one from the Knights of Favonius was injured.
Since then, the legend of the "Red Knight of the Stormbearer Mountains" began to circulate around Mondstadt.
Rumor has it that she is cloaked in red, and clutches the greatest treasure the Knights of Favonius have.
However, only Klee knows what this "treasure" truly is.
Character Story 5:

To Klee, the Knights of Favonius are family, and she can't imagine life without them. Her biggest role model, however, is still her birth mother — the avid adventurer, Alice.
A highly renowned adventurer and author of the popular Teyvat Travel Guide, there is nothing this incredible mother cannot do — as far as Klee is concerned, anyway.
Whether it's the way she used to guide Klee step-by-step through the techniques for adding gunpowder and selecting fuses, or the encouragement she'd give Klee to express her creativity through ever-bolder and more beautiful fireworks...
Or that time she taught her how to identify Starsnatch Cliff's load-bearing points, then place explosive charges accordingly to bring the whole thing down...
Or that time they stuck their tongues out at each other awkwardly while being told off by Huffman of the Knights of Favonius...
Klee has many treasured memories of her mother.
This was the way things were until her parents left to travel to somewhere dangerous and far away. They entrusted Klee to the care of Albedo and the Knights of Favonius.
Though still small, Klee knew she would one day become just like her mother.
One day, her explosives would become something that her mother would be proud of.
"Dodoco":

Dodoco is Klee's first friend, and one of her best.
A very long time ago, her mother made this doll for her by hand.
Alice affixed it to Klee's four-leaf clover, and hung on her big backpack.
From that day forth, Klee and Dodoco became inseparable.
Her mother said that this would ensure that Klee would never be lonely and that she would have a friend to confide in even when she was alone.
They would also protect each other in times of danger, just like Amber and Baron Bunny.
This, however, caused the Knights no need of worry — considering the other things Alice and her daughter had invented, perhaps this, too, might explode at any time...
"Dodoco" is a name Klee picked herself.
When asked what this name meant, she flushed red for a good long while before replying: "It means... Klee's best friend!"
Vision:

Asking Klee how she obtained a Vision will probably get you nowhere — she doesn't know, either.
A natural-born pyromaniac, Klee had already been acknowledged by a Vision from a very young age.
According to Klee herself, she had been creating a bomb that was "even bigger than super big!"
This was her very first solo project, but the results were far from expected—
Well, she "only" blew her small workshop sky high, leaving a mountain of smoking ash.
But rather than being disappointed, Klee was pleasantly surprised to see a flaming Vision emerge from those ashes.
How did Klee receive this divine acknowledgment?
Was it her talent and passion for explosives, the individualistic nature she got from her mother, or her shining innocence?
Regardless, Klee had already obtained such a coveted item at a tender, carefree age.
Regardless of what she faces as she grows up, she will never give this "present" up.
~~klee ends here~~
Kujou Sara:
Character Stories:
Character Details:
The blood of the tengu runs through Kujou Sara's veins, but she does not dwell in the forests and mountains as they do. She was fostered from a young age by the Kujou Clan and has served since then as part of the Tenryou Commission.
The Tenryou Commission is one arm of the Tri-Commission, and is in charge of the security of Inazuma. Today, Sara is a general of the Tenryou Commission, and hers is the vital task of maintaining order within Inazuma City itself.
She governs well and is ever determined to set a good example for her subordinates. No matter how tough the issue, if it falls under the Tenryou Commission's jurisdiction, Sara can solve it in good time.
Sara smiles little and is swift and resolute in the pursuit of her missions, and so many Inazumans consider her an inaccessible, stone-cold military person.
However, such an assessment might be too surface-level for someone like Sara, who seems cool on the outside but burns within.
Character Story 1:

In Inazuma, the Vision Hunt Decree is the manifestation of the Raiden Shogun's will to pursue Eternity, and Sara is the main enforcer of that decree.
Sara believes that Visions, in the hands of those with incorrectly-aligned minds, will destabilize the foundations of Inazuma, thus necessitating the Vision Hunt Decree.
However, this does not mean that Sara will stoop to any means necessary to enforce it.
When citizens are inevitably affected as the decree is carried out, she will expend the utmost patience and sincerity to attempt to explain the Almighty Shogun's long-term goals.
She has also given clear orders forbidding the harming or exploiting of civilians during the pursuit of the decree, as such evil deeds will only drag the great name of the Archon through the mud.
Unfortunately, the vast ideals of the Archon are too great for mortals to perceive, and resentment arises nonetheless, with some even uniting to resist those who enforce the decree.
In such circumstances, where she has no choice but to take action, Sara often sighs helplessly before facing the enemy.
Character Story 2:

The Shogun's Army has Kujou Sara's leadership to thank in large part for the fearlessness and unity of its soldiery.
Surveying battle lines, setting up training plans, selecting weapons and armor... Unlike many generals who prefer to strategize and plan from the rear, Sara prefers to do such things herself.
Sara is very harsh on herself during training, with her personal regimen being over ten times tougher than that which the ordinary troops go through. Even when night has fallen and the world has gone to sleep, one can still hear the sounds of her bow being drawn echoing through the dojo.
On the battlefield, she has always been at the tip of the spear, leading the troops with absolute heroism and awe-inspiring fighting spirit.
When the dust has settled, she will also personally see to the wounded, and give reward and mete out punishment based on merit. Every step of the battle that passes through her hands is managed well, with missteps being very few and far between.
Sara's troops are all witnesses to her words and deeds. No one who has fought alongside her does not hold her in the highest regard.
The general is the soul of the army, and fine generals are hard to find. Small wonder, then, that Sara has always been the pride of the Shogun's Army.
Character Story 3:

Even when she is not training, Sara brings her austere, strict nature into her daily life.
Her life seems to follow some sort of eternal, unchanging rule. She wakes up on the dot, trains on the dot, eats a fixed amount...
From things as large as training regimens to things as small as food consumption, Sara has her own perspective and pursues her self-created standards to the last letter.
"Miscellaneous objects are to be sorted by category, and furnishings are to be arrayed in straight lines. There is to neither be dirt in any corner, nor on the ground."
These are the standards Sara holds her dwelling up to.
She views excellence in such matters to also be a part of her training, and handles them herself, not requiring the aid of any servants.
That said, how could her servants ever just stand idly by? Every time they meet Sara, they will implore her to put the cleaning cloth down and leave the matter to them.
Having repeatedly declined their offers to no avail, Sara eventually took to cleaning up behind closed doors, posting up this sign outside her room—
"Training in Progress, Do Not Disturb."
Character Story 4:

Although she has grown up amongst humans, Sara still maintains the various habits of the tengu. When she leaves the Tenryou Commission Headquarters on occasion, it is mostly to go to the mountains.
She knows them like the back of her hand, and has witnessed many strange creatures not often told of in human tales.
Among them are many fierce and evil things, but there are also little creatures that mean no harm. To Sara, however, these are just differences in form.
There was a time when a sizable spate of thefts was reported to the police station in quick succession, and they could not find the culprit. Walking through the woods on higher alert than usual, Sara quickly espied the bake-danuki running along hurriedly while carrying their plunder.
Of course, bake-danuki are not evil by nature, but only steal food out of gluttony.
Capturing the creatures, Sara had only this to say as she reclaimed their ill-gotten gains:
"Hiding in the mountains will not let you escape judgment. Listen closely, for this is your final warning. Do not make yourself a nuisance to civilians again, or else..."
The bake-danuki were chilled to the bone, nodding as they balled up in a corner. After this, they would keep to that agreement and did not again do such ill.
As for the sharp-tongued Sara, she would bring various melons and fruits that could keep for a longer period up to the mountains while training there, making sure to deposit them in the bake-danuki's dwelling whenever she passed through.
She did not explain herself, and in any case, did not consider this any sort of gift. If she had to describe it... then perhaps a sort of consolation to those who had turned from an unrighteous path might be the best description for such things.
Character Story 5:

Sara has been training with the Shogun's Army ever since she was taken in by the Tenryou Commission. The soldiers actually thought that she was a boy at first due to her coming to train at an early age, and they took care of her very well.
Having been a little frightened of crowds at first, Sara became much more outgoing due to this warm reception, and would even play games with the other troops.
However, the soldiers she played alongside were severely punished by the Clan Head, while she was merely given a cold chastening.
"Not following military law and neglecting your training... I did not take you in just to have you do such pointless things."
Since then, Sara would be conscientious in maintaining a certain distance from others. Rather than blending in with the crowd, she sought first to attain surpassing martial prowess, bearing in mind at all times that she would someday take command.
"The Raiden Shogun's helper. An example to the Tenryou Commission. The pride of the Clan Head."
None of these three identities put her first in any way. But to Sara, this was her. She was a warrior whose being was calm and austerity.
No one ever told her that she should give herself more consideration, and Sara did not necessarily lack such concerns either.
Her chains as an adopted child and the solitude of a non-human had always accompanied her mission and status.
But to stop due to such obstacles is the dilemma of the weak, and being Kujou Sara, her path would not end here. She would be the Electro Archon's staunchest adherent and the most clear-headed of her generals.
Statue of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder:

Out of their worship and love for the Raiden Shogun, many merchants have created and sold artwork related to her.
The most popular product among them is the "Statue of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder," a lacquerware doll made using the deity's image as its template.
Sara rose early the day it went on the market, easily becoming first in the queue to purchase the statue. This became something of a hot topic for a while.
Sara would make no retort concerning any such stories. From her perspective, she bought that item with pious respect in her heart.
In all matters related to the Shogun, she had never once committed a perfunctory or negligent act. Indeed, she went forth personally to select and purchase a statue and even personally prepared a shrine within which it might be kept upon her return.
She placed five such statues in specially-placed display cases, and would clean them whenever she returned home. If she could not be there, she would arrange for artisans to perform that maintenance instead...
To someone like Sara who lacks friends and who is too busy to have much of a private life, the Raiden Shogun is not merely a deity, but also a form of repose.
The Shogun is her will, her future, her strength... even the harbinger of her fate — the confluence of all that is noble. Sara's adherence is one born out of recognition and trust.
The intricately-made Archon statue makes Sara feel like the Almighty Shogun is not far off in her Tenshukaku, but is a wisdom, an ideal, a strength of heart that supports her every step of the way.
These moments of tranquility bring her indescribable enjoyment.
Vision:

When she obtained her Vision, she had not yet been given a name or surname.
She originally lived in a quiet mountain forest that had, from a time unknown, become plagued by great evils that robbed it of its former peace.
Though she had the strength of the tengu, she was still young and could not stand against the monsters alone, and was hurled from a cliff during the battle, her wings having been damaged prior.
Plummeting from the heights, and unable to unfurl her injured wings, she seemed fated to fall to her death.
"No! It can't end like this! I... I always believed that I could protect this place forever with my strength..."
When day dawned the next day, some passers-by discovered an unconscious girl by the roadside. She looked a little worse for the wear but seemed otherwise unharmed, adding to the mystery of how she had ended up here.
Astonished, the people brought her back to the city and reported the matter to the Tenryou Commission immediately.
That was when the Kujou Clan Head, Kujou Takayuki, noticed that the glowing item in her hand was a Vision — a thing that many desired but few ever gained.
Realizing that she had gained the attention of an Archon even at her young age, Takayuki believed that she was a destined child, sent to the Tenryou Commission by the heavens.
Taking her in, he named her "Sara," and would train her to become an all-around warrior, asking that she serve the Shogun and fight for Inazuma.
Kujou Takayuki believed that in raising such an excellent general, the status and future of the Kujou Clan would become more secure. And indeed, all that he had hoped would steadily come to pass.
Sara, armed with her Vision, would swiftly distinguish herself, rising through the ranks to become a general of the Tenryou Commission at a young age, just as many had hoped.
Yet it was precisely because she possessed a Vision that Sara knew this better than anyone: her surviving that fall unscathed was due to the Archon looking upon her with favor in that instant.
In but a single glance, she had been given the power that sustained her life. Everything she had, therefore, could be described as existing by the Almighty Shogun's grace.
Fighting for the Shogun...
Sara believed that this was neither her duty nor a result of her foster father's schemes, but was instead her truest calling.
~~kujou sara ends here~~
Kuki Shinobu:
Character Stories:
Character Details:
In the Arataki Gang, where swaggering commotion is something of an aesthetic, the ever-masked and low-key Kuki Shinobu, the gang's second-in-command, stands out all the more against the backdrop of the other, more clamorous members.
No matter what sort of mess the others have gotten themselves into, this deputy is often able to solve their problems in a manner that is both professional and highly efficient.
Making some snacks for children who had theirs snatched away, giving scratched lacquerware a new coat of paint, and serving as an advocate for detained comrades...
Such are her skills that onlookers often wonder if there is anything that she cannot do.
"I wouldn't say that I'm certified for everything. There are some industries that just don't have standardized assessments, so there's no way to sit for any such tests."
Her displeasure finds eloquent expression even behind her mask.
"Also, how can there be lines of work where you can find employment without the right qualifications? It boggles the mind." Equally mind-boggling, perhaps, is the fact that her deep puzzlement is just as contagious.
Character Story 1:

People often say that a namecard is one's door into society.
Of course, the act of embroidering such cards in gold and silver confounds comprehension, but it is true that giving another party a small card that contains your name, position, and contact details is a very efficient thing to do.
When Kuki Shinobu first entered society, the details of her namecard were a matter of serious concern.
Ex-Grand Narukami Shrine Maiden? She strangled that thought in its mental crib the moment it was born.
Just "Kuki Shinobu"? No, no, that would make her seem like some unemployed bum with neither skill in word or deed.
Perhaps she should go get a certification, then. That was common wisdom, after all.
Certifications serve as excellent proof of one's efforts, and are convincing ways of scoring points upon introduction — very useful things indeed.
After easily getting a couple of such certificates, Shinobu finally reckoned that she could add a little color to her presently-blank namecard.
Unfortunately, this process proved to feature pitfalls of its own: out of curiosity and in an effort to test herself, she had gotten a whole load of certifications in one go, causing the prefix section of her namecard to balloon uncontrollably.
"Junior Chef, Tailor, Actuary, Health Manager, Human Resource Manager..."
Having lots of skills is not a bad thing, but there is such a thing of having too many skills, lest one struggle in the snare of figuring out one's titles, like Shinobu did.
To this day, Shinobu cannot remember how many namecards she has made.
But ever since she joined the Arataki Gang, her very first title has always been "Deputy."
Character Story 2:

After tasting Kuki Shinobu's very own Roasted Lavender Melon, the Arataki Gang all wept and exclaimed that they never knew that Lavender Melons could be so delicious when roasted.
And the flavor, too, was most different from that which had been produced by any other method they had ever tried. Could it be that high-class culinary exams also taught people how to cook Lavender Melons a certain way?
Faced with such a question, Shinobu put the melon she was grilling down before slowly telling a story.
At that time, she had gone to far-off Liyue to study law, and would visit this place known as Wanmin Restaurant in her free time.
The food there was incredibly diverse and made in unique ways, with ingenious ideas that surprised her, despite the fact that she had already obtained a high-level culinary license at the time.
From slivers of stir-fried meat immersed in sauce to boiled cabbage with the fragrance of chicken soup... Indeed, the world was wide and full of wonders.
And though one might be acquainted with every profession and be certified highly in every one, it is never wise to rest on one's laurels. Indeed, it is only by daring to try and make breakthroughs that one can surpass the limits set down by those who came before.
The Arataki Gang did not understand this in full, but they cheered all the same, for there was no harm in that — and their cheers certainly did the melons' flavor little harm.
Seeing how they greatly enjoyed their meals, Shinobu kept the ending of the story to herself.
Back then, the sous chef of Wanmin Restaurant had heard her say these words, and had urged Chef Mao to bring out the Salt and Pepper Slime...
Such food, she knew, would never appear in any culinary exam anywhere in the world.
Nor would the Arataki Gang want to learn that Shinobu had slathered slime ooze onto Lavender Melons as sauce before grilling them...
Character Story 3:

The Kuki Clan is a family of shrine maidens, a tradition that spans generations. Members of that family regard service to Narukami as a great honor.
This too was the case with her generation. After her sister Miyuki was sent to the Grand Shrine, she was also sent there from a young age as an understudy.
Of course, a great store of rules and regulations came with this time-honored tradition: for example, how many days to fast to show one's sincerity and resolve, or how many ablutions were to be performed to avoid profaning the divine...
No one ever explained where these rules had come from or how they had been decided. She was simply told that they had existed since way back, and thus were to be followed.
When Shinobu first arrived at the shrine, she would sometimes catch a chill from staying on the mountain at night. At this time, her family lived far from the shrine and her sister was out on an errand far afield.
A strong-willed child, she did not ask the other shrine maidens for help, but would instead pluck thorned plants one by one, alone, before twining them around her body.
According to a traditional saying, this deed would earn you the protection of Narukami and remove the illness from you. So she went on twining that loop of thorns, even as she whispered prayers to Narukami for protection deep into the night, shivering all the while.
However, when the night was over, her chill was not cured. All she had earned instead was a tingling red mark around herself.
As the days passed, Shinobu would find again and again that the rules were not as foolproof as the ancients might have made them out to be, nor was the role of a shrine maiden quite as indispensable as they had claimed back home.
Well then, didn't that mean that the very necessity of the Kuki Clan to become shrine maidens was also up for renegotiation?
Some years later, Shinobu had already left the shrine for some time now, and with time to kill, she would flip through a book on herbology.
Within its pages, she found that it clearly, indeed vividly, described how the mountainous thorns had paralytic properties that could render birds and beasts unable to move, and that it was this property that led the ancients to include them into medicine to ameliorate topical aches and pains.
She was, well... speechless.
Shinobu thought to herself that yes, perhaps rules did have rhyme or reason behind them, but to treat the rules as reason in themselves must be treated as an obsolete practice.
On further reflection, she could not help but feel that she was happier living her current life.
Character Story 4:

To find work through which she might truly have freedom, Kuki Shinobu once declined all manner of respectable job offers, only agreeing to being hired as part-time outsourced staff.
One of these commissions came from an old lacquerware professional who had accidentally thrown his hip out of whack. The job itself was no challenge to Shinobu, bearer of an advanced certification in this field, but the address of the client was... well, a little special.
When she brought the newly-maintained figurine to the Police Station, she ran into a petty thief who was making their escape from that site who, fleeing at all speed as they were, rammed right into her, sending the doll sailing into the air.
Seeing that several days' work was about to go down the gutter, Shinobu struck out like lightning, seizing the figurine with one hand before whirling about and tripping the suspect.
All at once the surrounding people surged forward, subduing the crook. Afterward, Kujou Sara — seemingly the person who had placed this order — would come and thank her personally.
As for the goods, they were perfectly unharmed, much to Sara's surprise — to think that someone in the lacquerware business could have such martial skill!
After learning of Shinobu's circumstances and her desire to "find a job that gives her real freedom," Sara would consider for a moment before inviting Shinobu to join the Tenryou Commission.
"Hmm... No, I think I'll pass. The civil service seems a bit too limiting for me..." At this point, Shinobu hesitated. "But if those legal lectures and martial arts training could be done part-time, I will definitely consider the offer."
From that day on, Shinobu would begin a new slew of part-time work.
One thing did surprise her, though — the general of the Tenryou Commission would always attend her lectures and demonstrations.
"It is only right that those who enforce the law should better understand it," so Sara said with perfect earnestness.
"The opportunity to test myself against similarly-skilled warriors is also not one I get often," Shinobu replied.
Sara's straightforward personality and decisive behavior were things Shinobu greatly approved of, and it was through this — and through Sara hiring her often to maintain figurines — that the two would quickly become friends.
Sara would also repeat her offer of employment several times, only for Shinobu to decline each time. Yet, this "job that brings true freedom" was not something she would find, either.
That is, until one day, when Sara wound up arriving late to the izakaya where they had arranged, as they often did, to meet and have figurines change hands, leaving Shinobu to drink till midnight.
"That's unexpected. I didn't think you could be late at all, Sara."
"Sorry. I was held up by a really rowdy gang..."
"A gang? And what gang could have troubled you that much?"
"Well, I wouldn't call them 'trouble' exactly. They call themselves the Arataki Gang..."
Character Story 5:

The news that the Arataki Gang now had a second-in-command raised a decent (though ultimately small) stir in Hanamizaka.
It was rumored that this deputy was well-versed in etiquette, law, and was quite the dapper hand physically as well, bringing the other members to heel within a few days of arriving.
Those who had witnessed this deputy's actions first hand were full of praise for them, saying that at long last, the Arataki Gang had someone polite and reasonable added to their ranks.
Some did worry about this development, however: the Arataki Gang was, after all, not a proper organization by any measure.
The little hullabaloos they had caused in the past were nothing, really, but with the arrival of someone who could be the "brains" of the organization, who might put some discipline into them... Could this not also be the harbinger of worse incidents to come?
Not to mention the Gang's daily operations... Other than logistics and transportation, home repair, and performance, they now added tax agency, legal consultation, event management and various other operations that both involved sizable capital investments and a not-insignificant air of danger to them.
Surely they weren't intending to do all these things without the right licenses... right?
And never mind the licenses, first — if they were to commit fraud in any of these newly-added businesses, they would surely be arrested by the Tenryou Commission!
However, these wild guesses and ill-omened rumors would quickly be dispelled. The Arataki Gang's actions afterward were more than enough to show that they were still a gang of their word.
Those who have attempted to enlist their new financial services have indeed seen their situations turned right around, and the transparency and uprightness of their processes have been stunning.
Of course, it is also a pity that the Gang remains the Gang. The children of Hanamizaka still live in fear of Arataki Itto coming to win their snacks off them come dinner time, and often still return to their homes fuming.
In any case, it seems that even this legendary second-in-command will take a long time to reform the Arataki Gang's more... unbound ways.
Oni Mask:

Kuki Shinobu had yet to wear her mask when she first joined the Arataki Gang.
While pursuing a certain business prospect, Shinobu was busy engaging in some serious talks. The other members of the gang were arrayed behind her in a single row, hands behind their backs and unsmiling.
"Just stay like that and don't say anything," Shinobu had instructed them to do so on short notice. "This is the most effective way of negotiating... For you guys, anyway."
The talks were going exactly as Shinobu expected, until a passing child suddenly pointed at her, exclaiming:
"Mama, mama, look! That's the shrine maiden who never smiled back at the Grand Shrine! Wow, she looks so cool!"
The child was whisked away by her panicked mother, but the quick departure did not change the mottled embarrassment and resignation on her face, as if she could not wait to flee for the hills and forests right that instant.
As for Itto's face, it was as if two onikabuto were wrestling for dominance upon it. Genta and the others, try as they might, ultimately lost their poker faces amidst gales of guffaws.
The next martial demonstration would, of course, see their faces beaten so hard that they were redder than Shinobu's was at that moment. If only they had known their fate, perhaps they might not have laughed quite so hard.
From that day on, Shinobu would sport that mask. Pitch-black and claws bared, it lent her a positively demonic aspect.
By the way, it was also that martial demonstration that served as the origin of her moniker "the demonic deputy".
Vision:

The day she left the shrine, Kuki Shinobu left all the things that she possessed while serving as a shrine maiden behind at home, starting over from the most basic of belongings.
As such, she knew immediately that the bag she lifted was not the right weight. Hadn't she only left towels inside it?
Reaching into the bag and fishing about, she pulled out, of all things, a glittering Vision, its loveliness so striking such that her sister, Miyuki, could not help but gasp.
An irony it was indeed that the shrine maiden who was fleeing her duties would receive a Vision for doing just that.
This, of course, was the very first "certification" that Shinobu would receive — from a god, certifying her freedom.
Indeed, Miyuki, who had intended to stop her at first, had a change of heart upon witnessing this sign, agreeing to help convince their parents.
...It was also due to this that she would willingly surrender her Vision while the Vision Hunt Decree was ongoing.
For one thing, she did not intend to make life difficult for her friend in the Tenryou Commission, but for the other, the Vision was but one of her many, many certificates.
Most things in life could, in any case, be settled without the use of a Vision, nor could the truly obdurate problems be dismissed simply by the dint of that device.
Removing generations worth of prejudice, for example, or searching for true, unbound freedom.
...Or, you know, stopping those dolts in the Arataki Gang from chomping at the bit to "help" her win her Vision back.
