Raiden Shogun:

Character Stories:

Character Details:

Since the dawn of life, humankind has always borne an intense yearning for and curiosity about the world. This is the anchor point of their cognition and is the foundation of all reason.

The world of the people of Inazuma is also thus. There, thunder, lightning, wind, and rain were primordial facts of life, as well as light, and the sea... and the Raiden Shogun.

Babes nestling in their mothers' arms hear tales of the Shogun's slaying of many gods and conquering of other races.

When young men and women roam the islands, they see the gorge split asunder by a blade of lightning and the pale, still-standing bones of the giant snake.

Soldiers take to the battlefield with "glory to the Shogun and her everlasting reign!" upon their lips.

The people work in contentment and peace, knowing that the Shogun and her loyal Tri-Commission are there.

The great name of the Raiden Shogun has long shaken off the shackles of mere life, becoming the eternal traditional belief of Inazuma.

People trust in this great name and its might, believing that their descendants shall witness the same sights, that the same faith will form the foundations of their inner worlds, and that this will pass on from generation to generation.

This is the eternal paradise that the Almighty Shogun promised her people.

Character Story 1:



The true name of the Raiden Shogun is "Raiden Ei."

In her long road, she has witnessed the price that Inazuma has had to pay for progress over the hundreds and thousands of years.

The happiest years of her life had passed her by, and those she once considered friends became her foes. In the end, she even lost the reason for which she had wielded her sword.

"Where there is progress, there must be loss."

Ei believed that this was the iron-clad rule of the world, with time as its merciless enforcer.

The greatest and most prosperous nation of men collapsed overnight, and even that most ancient Liyue Harbor would say farewell to its Geo Archon. The winds of parting came whistling in from the outer edge of time.

However resounding the Raiden Shogun's name, centuries later, millennia later... Someday, Inazuma would lose the protection of its deity.

As a warrior, she was wary of all foes. Even if that enemy was a crisis as intangible as time's passage, she had to find a countermeasure, a weapon she could use to defeat it in time.

Her answer? "Eternity." Only Eternity could freeze all things under the sky, make Inazuma truly deathless.

"Then, while things are still good, let us have stillness... Let us march towards Eternity."

Character Story 2:



For beings with a perishable form of flesh to pursue Eternity, they must first solve the unavoidable problem of lifespan.

This limited time troubled Ei greatly, until one day when a mysterious technique came before her eyes as if by a stroke of fate.

Using such techniques, one could create intricate puppets indistinguishable from true life.

In theory, this puppet could perfectly imitate everything about Ei. It could surpass the limits of her lifespan and defend Inazuma forever. Yet, how could creating a copy of an Archon be a simple affair?

Ei conducted countless experiments to this effect, discarded a great many failed products, and spent an unimaginable amount of time and resources—

But at last, by her dogged pursuit and warrior's spirit, she was able to create a flawless puppet.

The newborn Raiden Shogun sat there silently, listening to Ei speak all about her, "her," and even about them. The future of Inazuma was here, inscribed upon a gorgeous blueprint.

The automaton had but one question to ask Ei: "There is no turning back from forsaking your form. Do you regret nothing?"

"Your existence is my answer."

Then, Ei transferred her consciousness into her blade, and thus was born the Plane of Euthymia.

Character Story 3:



Before Raiden Ei became the Shogun, she was a samurai responsible for seeing that the previous Shogun's orders were carried out.

The previous Electro Archon, Raiden Makoto, was no great fighter, and the things Ei had charge over were mostly matters of warfare and slaughter. However, Ei also had moments of repose away from battle, sitting with her friends under the sakura trees and playing karuta.

Due to her character, Ei was always the most wooden player. She was never the final victor, nor did she ever have a taste of the prizes that the Kitsune Saiguu reserved for the winners.

Thus, she poured the effort that she put into swordsmanship into karuta practice, often pestering Makoto or Mikoshi Chiyo to karuta matches, or spending much time by moonlight reading the poetry inscribed on the cards out loud.

At last, the day came that under the sakura trees, Ei would defeat opponent after opponent. Even the mighty tengu would be felled after a hard-fought battle, and thus was she crowned the champion.

Ei let out a victorious whoop at her victory, only to be greeted by the sounds of her friends' laughter. Only then did she realize that she had lost her usual composure entirely, before snapping both arms back down and reverting to her usual cool facade.

Of course, her friends did not intend to make sport of her. Indeed, they understood her character and the manner in which she had worked ever so hard to come out on top.

As for the Kitsune Saiguu, oh, how amused she looked as she presented Ei with some pastries.

"I said it was a reward, yes, but it was simply some hand-made cakes of mine. I didn't think that you would be so concerned about it, Ei. Well then, enjoy the spoils of your victory to your heart's content."

Ei was hardly one to be greedy for snacks. But as a samurai, she firmly believed that what she lost must be reclaimed. These pastries were more akin to a vindication of her desire to win.

—But it was not long before that cool demeanor of hers broke into a smile again. The cakes were lovely — just like the taste of victory. As for her clumsy attempts to hide that smile, one could only say that it was an entertaining sight all around for her friends.

To this day, Ei still often remembers that sakura tree.

...Even though she has not gone to see it in a long time, and even though no one sits under it anymore, she wishes that time might stop forever.

Character Story 4:



Ei still remembers the way in which Makoto greatly loved the scenery of Inazuma, its cuisine, and the stories of its people — and how she loved telling Ei all about it.

Though they both understood the concept of erosion well, Makoto was unlike Ei, who worried about the future more often. Instead, Makoto's energies were focused on the present.

"It is precisely because we know that this scene is but a fleeting shadow that we should enjoy it all the more."

Then, Ei could only smile wryly, realizing that she, the kagemusha, was even more old-fashioned than the real Raiden Shogun. She thought to herself that she must learn to be more leisurely, just like Makoto.

Yet the times changed all too quickly, all but catching Ei off guard. Before she knew it, her hands already held the blade that the dying Raiden Makoto had passed on to her.

This day, the kagemusha was now the true Raiden Shogun.

And it was on this day that Ei truly felt the agony of erosion.

As time marched forward inexorably, even this blade, this sakura... All life on Inazuma would fade before her eyes.

This was the foundation of Inazuma, and it was the thing that the Raiden Shogun must defend.

"If you look at it this way, thinking ahead is not meaningless, nor is it vain arrogance."

Having resolved herself, her life exceeded its mortal shell, and eternity descended upon the mortal plane.

Character Story 5:



One night, Raiden Ei entered a beautiful dreamscape while meditating.

Here, there was nothing left between heaven and earth but her, and a "her" that was akin to looking into a mirror.

The automaton's voice flowed into her ears like a sigh: "the eternity you resolved to establish in your heart has been shaken by the countless wishes of the people. Thus, you have become my enemy."

Back when she was creating the puppet, Ei had considered all the hidden risks involved.

She believed that anything was possible — including the worst-case scenario... in which she too would someday become a threat to Eternity.

But she had to press on. She had to reach Eternity. This, she would not permit to be stayed by any outside force.

The puppet's words were something that she had asked herself long ago:

"You believe that you are more firmly convicted now than you were yesterday, and that is why you are presently correct. Is that so?"

"Do you presently have some new ideas, or have you, too, fallen victim to inexorable 'erosion'?"

Their faces were the same, but they spoke of different ideals. The battle with herself, with her past, would come someday.

But it was not this day. Ei knew well that she was not yet ready.

Her heart was clear, and she would have remained in that state, but hearing the cries of her people, she had to command her feet to stop.

The sky above the mirror was no longer empty, and all about the silent halls, she heard the cry of crows. Dawn was coming. The samurai must take up her sword.

This dream was ever so real, and it, too, passed like a shadow.

Musou Isshin:



A sword that, once passed on, has accompanied Ei to this day.

This sword has had two wielders, and has witnessed both time and eternity.

It was born from Raiden Makoto's divine might, but it was never once sharpened. It took after its owner, of course, for Makoto was not one for battle. It was but a symbol, a sign of true peace.

The day Makoto passed on, it was given into Ei's hands. The sword was stained with blood, then, and as the blade drew its first taste of crimson, the dripping ichor was blown aside by wild winds and blazing thunder.

Makoto gave it the name Musou Isshin, and desired to have it witness an Inazuma as lovely as a dream and the noble hearts that dwell in this world.

Ei did not change its name. For she, too, had looked out over that vast scene of beauty, and the sight of it had engendered a stronger, purer dream in her own heart.

The aesthetic of lightning is precisely to capture that which is precious amidst fleeting transience.

Gnosis:



Before she came to dwell in the Plane of Euthymia permanently, Ei was troubled for a time concerning where she might store her Gnosis.

She no longer had any need of it, but such an important item could not simply be placed anywhere. She had initially intended to have it modified into a energy supply device, but no matter what she did, her techniques had no effect on the Gnosis at all.

And that was when she thought of someone: the cunning and clever Yae Miko. She was not precisely someone to be trusted, but she was in many ways also Ei's best choice.

Upon hearing this request, Miko could not help but joke: "Aren't you afraid that I might just sell this off?"

"You understand the value of a Gnosis. Even if you sold it, I trust that you would have exchanged it for something of equal value, and that is no easy price to pay."

With someone of Yae Miko's character, it would be no surprise if she ever sold the Gnosis, yes, but she would not allow herself to lose out in any such exchange.

Such, then, was the tacit agreement between the two old friends. Yae Miko understood Ei's intent and took the precious Gnosis with a smile.

"Well, this is your idea, not mine. Don't end up regretting this, now."

~~raiden shogun ends here~~

Razor:

Character Stories:

Character Details:

Razor is a boy whose identity is shrouded in mystery. He lives in Wolvendom and is rarely spotted by the citizens of Mondstadt.

According to a handful of eyewitness accounts, Razor has keen senses and is highly agile, traversing the forest at breakneck speed. He is often seen in the company of his wolf pack, while generally avoiding contact with humans.

Some speculate that he was an orphan raised by the wolves, while others say he is a wolf spirit that has taken on a human form.

Such rumors only add to the mystery of the "Wolf Boy," as the denizens of Mondstadt call him.

Meanwhile, Razor the Wolf Boy stands all the while on the hilltops with his head held high, basking in the warm sunlight.

Character Story 1:



Razor lives among the wolves night and day.

All of them are as close with Razor as they could possibly be. Which wolf has the loudest howl, which wolf runs the fastest, which wolf is the best at ambushing — there isn't a wolf Razor doesn't know.

He can sense the mood of the wind, smell a scent from miles away, and knows many practical applications for plants of all kinds. The one thing he can't bring to mind is the faces of his parents.

What kind of people were they? No matter how hard he tries, he cannot remember.

His memory starts after his life with the wolves had already begun. The wolves took him in as part of their "Lupical" — a word he was taught by someone else, which means family.

Character Story 2:



Tiny singing things are flying in the sky.

The clouds are long and fluffy, like a wolf's tail.

Razor's world is a simple one.

On a sunny day, you run around hunting or try and beat your prey to the ripe fruits, on a rainy day, you hide out in a hollow tree and fall asleep hugging a furry lupine friend, with some grass and leaves for a pillow.

Eat as much as you can and drink plenty of water. Cool off in the lake when you're hot, and go find some juicy berries when you're thirsty.

Razor looks at his body and then at the bodies of his kin.

He knows he is different from them.

But there's nothing wrong with that, as far as Razor is concerned.

Character Story 3:



One day, a tall man came to the mountains and disrupted Razor's peaceful life.

Razor did not know who the man was, only that he was a human. Seeing the confused look on Razor's face, the man gave him a friendly smile.

"Hey buddy! Why don't you come back down to Mondstadt with me?"

The man offered his hand to Razor as he spoke.

But neither Razor nor the wolves understood the gesture. Feeling protective, the wolves placed themselves between Razor and the man to keep him away.

Razor ducked down beneath the wolves' furry tails. He looked at his body, and then peered out through the gaps in the wolf fur to get a look at the man's.

Razor knew he wasn't the most intelligent of beings, and was at a loss to answer the question that has been in his mind ever since that day.

"Am I a human, or a wolf?"

Character Story 4:



It was that man who gave Razor his name.

The simple Wolf Boy could not understand the intricacies of human language, but he knew from the look on the man's face when he produced this sound that the man was giving him a name.

"Rae-zer."

The shadows cast by the trees of Wolvendom grew short, and then grew long again.

The man taught Razor how to swing a sword. Unwieldy though this steel claw may be, thought Razor, it was at least sharp enough to cut through tree branches.

"Now you can protect your friends."

"Fr-ren-dzz..."

Razor imitated the sounds the man made, without understanding what they meant.

Similarly, he did not understand why the names of things were all that important in the first place. After all, he never learned the name of that man before he left.

Character Story 5:



"Master, what is... 'friends'?"

Razor once asked of his new mentor, working at the limits of his vocabulary.

His purple-clothed mentor seemed to know it all, from how to make hash browns from potatoes in the ground, to the name of the brightest star in the summer night sky.

However, Lisa simply smiled and yawned without answering him.

Razor thought about it when the wind blew, when the rain fell — even when Wolfhook berries got stuck in his fur. He just couldn't figure it out.

Until one day, Razor met a bright-red, 'burny' girl.

They stood in the wind together, got soaked in the rain together — she even rolled around in Wolfhook bushes with him.

Her name was Klee. When Razor played with her, it was like being a wolf pup again.

"Friends... is... Lupical."

Razor may not understand the complexity of human relationships, but he has an honest, primal loyalty to him.

"So... protect friends... Lupical... with life."

The wolf pack howls in the distance, summoning him home.

Razor still does not know if he is a human or a wolf.

But he is happy either way.

Razor's Crude Wooden Crate:



In a box so crudely made that one has to be extra careful when opening it lies Razor's greatest treasures.

The broken-off hilt of a greatsword, a children's storybook called The Wolf and the Windwheel Aster, and a dry, withered four-leaf clover.

Though he understands neither the intricacies of human relations nor the ways of the world, Razor knows that these are gifts from the ones known as 'friends' — and that is what makes them his most treasured possessions of all.

Vision:



The story of how Razor got his Vision is one of the few memories that he wishes he could forget.

One day, during a lightning storm, an Abyss Mage ambushed Razor from behind and dragged him away. The wolf pack ran to his aid and put up a fearless fight, but every last one of them was defeated by the Abyss Mage.

As he looked on helplessly at his dear companions being harmed, Razor let out an almighty roar like that of a cornered animal.

"Lupical!"

Fueled by his almighty fury, a lightning-like power grew inside, and suddenly an overload of elemental energy was flowing within him.

He was ready to protect. He was ready to avenge.

He threw off his shackles and raised his weapon.

The Abyss Mage was overwhelmed and defeated by a wild, unfettered frenzy of Electro energy, but this time it was too late to save Razor's wolven companions.

...

Though he had obtained a Vision, Razor was still unable to manipulate Electro energy with finesse. One day many moons later, when he met the Witch of Purple Rose, Lisa, he began to study human knowledge.

"Friends, hurt... Never again! I will... protect them."

With each day, Razor grew more skilled in the use of his Vision. He made a silent promise to himself: "I will become stronger. I will become the strongest of them all."

Because the day may come when his Lupical faces another threat, and this time, he will protect them.

~~razor ends here~~

Rosaria:

Character Stories:

Character Details:

Rosaria is one of the sisters of Mondstadt's Church of Favonius.

Though she is just as much a woman of the cloth as the likes of Barbara and Jilliana, people tend to make a mental distinction between Rosaria and other members of the clergy.

While she might dress the part — at least, to a certain extent — her speech and actions do not reflect her office in the slightest.

Furthermore, she displays even less reverence towards the gods than the ordinary citizens, and she routinely skips her various church engagements.

She comes, goes, and acts in solitude, and if she were ever to make an appearance in the Cathedral, it would be to smoke in the rearmost pew.

Such a lone wolf is Rosaria that perhaps she should be considered a clergywoman in name only.

Character Story 1:



If Rosaria has been lectured once, she has been lectured a thousand times before concerning her unorthodox behavior.

For some reason, however, she has never faced any serious consequences for her transgressions. She does not work together with her church colleagues and only rarely shows up to celebratory events in the city.

The strange and mysterious Rosaria moves about almost like a wisp of black smoke — blink, and you'll miss her as she disappears into thin air.

Her social interactions are never more than superficial, and the rest of the time she keeps herself to herself.

However, Sister Victoria would say that the ever good-natured Barbara is one person who has always made the effort to get close to Rosaria.

"Please don't smoke in the Cathedral..." "Could you try to attend the ceremony on time next time...?"

"And... Hey, come back, I'm still talking to you!"

Barbara is forever anxiously chasing after Rosaria, urging her to complete her various daily tasks.

Yet even when faced with Barbara, the beloved idol of Mondstadt, Rosaria remains completely unmoved.

Surely her heart can't be completely made of stone?

Character Story 2:



Rosaria's movements are unpredictable. She often leaves without notifying anyone and can be gone for up to several days on end.

During these times, none of her church colleagues know where to find her.

One of the sisters who took it upon herself to observe Rosaria once groused that "even a stray cat should at least give you notice before running off..."

Rosaria uses these disappearances to do work that only she can do in corners unseen by others.

An unfamiliar merchant, a suspicious traveler — are these people threats to Mondstadt?

She investigates, shadows, and if necessary, interrogates.

If they must disappear, then Rosaria shall be the last person they meet.

Such dark work, which cannot see the light of day, is to be done by her hand alone.

She always sets out after the sun has set, finishing her work in one fell swoop. Sometimes, if she makes it back by the crack of dawn, she gets to usher in the day ahead with a glass of breakfast wine.

The people of Mondstadt live in the golden sunlight, but Rosaria dwells under the silver moonlight.

It is a cold, piercing light... just like that of the ice she forms with her Cryo abilities.

"There are some things that young people need not know," Rosaria thinks.

Though, in her eyes, "young people" means all citizens of Mondstadt who live in the light of the sun, regardless of their age.

Character Story 3:



Like a puff of smoke, the lackadaisical Rosaria is impossible to pin down.

Nevertheless, once she takes on a job, she can be relied on to handle it with the utmost professionalism.

"Lazy" is the last word that anyone would use to describe her ruthless interrogations of suspicious individuals.

She also possesses exceptional strength and knows the weaknesses of the human body like the back of her hand — and has no reservations about using this knowledge to kill.

People know her as the lazy, chain-smoking sister, but behind the scenes, she is a formidable purveyor of justice.

A strange fate for one who ostensibly basks in the light of the gods.

What led her to become a blood-soaked slayer? Why does she stay silent while others praise the gods for their protection?

Perhaps it should come as no surprise that Rosaria was not born and bred in Mondstadt.

"A city that is fortunate enough to be boring always needs someone to do the dirty work..."

Rosaria stubs her cigarette out as she speaks in her characteristically languid manner.

"And as far as I'm concerned, the things I deal with are far simpler than living the life of a traditional sister."

Character Story 4:



Rosaria may not be one to attend prayer meetings, but that does not mean she doesn't have her own theological viewpoints.

In her view, freedom is the spiritual pillar of Mondstadt's people, and it is the very thing that caused her to end up here in the first place.

Rosaria was born in a remote mountain village, but was taken from her home shortly after birth by the very same bandits who drenched it in blood.

Raised by those crooks, she learned how to fight, sometimes thieving, other times doing odd jobs for the crew.

She was their servant, but also their tool, a crook, yet still a child.

She fought against outsiders and her comrades alike, and growing up was a constant battle for survival against the hunger and cold.

Rosaria's youth was just like Mondstadt's sunset — blood-red from horizon to horizon, and so fleeting that night had fallen before she'd had the chance to stop and take in the view.

Ultimately, the bandit crew was wiped out by the Knights of Favonius. As their youngest member, Rosaria was judged to have a chance of rehabilitation.

Grand Master Varka brought her to Mondstadt. Sincerely hoping that she might someday fit in here, he advised her:

"Go to the Cathedral and be cleansed by the light of our archon. You still have the chance to turn your fate around and live a normal life."

But Varka had not counted on Rosaria constantly skipping classes and dodging hymnal.

She would rather hunt in the wild than settle into a life of dutiful service as a sister. As far as she was concerned, the golden sunlight was not so much cleansing as blinding.

For Rosaria had long since come to understand that she was a child of the moonlight, and it was inevitable that she would someday return to the embrace of darkness.

Character Story 5:



Rosaria, the Church's number one truant, became infamous for her absence very early on.

"Miss Rosaria, please, show a little more circumspection in your actions! You are a member of the Church. How is it appropriate that you simply never turn up for hymn practice?"

"Please calm down, Sister Ophila. Miss Rosaria, I'm told that you have never attended a single one of your compulsory classes. Is that so?"

"Yes."

"Mother Maria, please look at this... Rosaria's theological essay is an utter mess!"

"Miss Rosaria, if I may ask frankly... do you intend to do any work at all here at the Church?"

"No. I've already found other work."

Rosaria never showed so much as a hint of anxiety in any of these exchanges. What's more, it was true — she had indeed found other work for herself, and much darker work at that.

The unexpected twist was that she would ultimately end up doing this work under the aegis of the Church.

Rosaria the novice did not leave the clergy, but instead became Sister Rosaria without much incident.

Nevertheless, when she's not on a mission, she does everything she can to avoid attending church activities, instead heading to the taverns to drink or scaling the city walls to view the scenery.

And when she simply cannot escape a church engagement, you can be sure that she will be the first to leave.

The instant the workday is done, Rosaria vanishes.

Whether by bright day or dark night, there is one principle that she will never transgress: no overtime.

Church-Issue Journal:



A journal with a white cover. The words "Church of Favonius" are inscribed on the cover.

The handwriting is beautiful, but the content is the most of the most banal variety imaginable.

"Dandelion Wine — now eighty percent off!"

"Fisherman's Toast — an incredible flavor at an unbelievable price!"

"Crazy discounts on Wheat — ask at the counter and we'll grind it into Flour for you."

"Buy three Tomatoes and get one free!"

"Fresh Small Lamp Grass! Use it to light up your bathroom! Come on, Sir, have a look!"

There is something incongruous about a random assortment of marketplace cries and advertising slogans having been penned by such a graceful and elegant hand.

This journal is a relic from Rosaria's novice days.

Clearly, she must have skipped class and headed to the rooftops on the merchant street, bathing in the sun, listening to the eclectic cries of the street vendors, and committing them to paper.

Vision:



Rosaria's Vision came to her on a particularly frigid night.

Things were getting desperate for the bandit gang — people were starving and the food supplies were dwindling.

Never able to eat her fill, Rosaria was driven by hunger to flee into the freezing wind rather than continue another second with the hard labor she was forced to endure.

One of the elders of the gang pursued her and brought her back.

He was the very person who had taken her from the village of her birth, and the one who had taught her how to kill.

"Fleeing makes you a traitor, and traitors can only earn their freedom through victory in combat."

The old bandit tossed Rosaria an old dagger.

"Well, come on then! Kill me, and you can leave this place. I'm long in the tooth now, while you've got youth on your side. You can do this, can't ya?"

No one thought that she would be able to kill him — and yet, the old lion would indeed fall by the newborn cub's claws.

Thus did the bandits lose an old member and welcome a new one that very night.

The bandits were reluctant to accept Rosaria at first since she had slain one of their own, but they quickly had a change of heart after seeing the Vision in her hand.

Surely, a Vision wielder had to be far stronger than some old coot who was about to kick the bucket right? And she ate less, to boot... They could save some food this way.

Meanwhile, a question crept into Rosaria's frozen heart:

Did he let me replace him on purpose? ...Could a false father have harbored genuine affection for a child he stole so arbitrarily?

~~rosaria ends here~~