Tartaglia(also called Childe):
Character Stories:
Character Details:
Despite holding one of the most senior positions in the Fatui as one of the Eleven Harbingers, Childe very much looks like the young adult that he still is.
He is a wolf in sheep's clothing, however, for under the cheerful and confident appearance lies a deadly swordsman.
He is the youngest among the Harbingers, but one of the most dangerous among their number.
That said, Childe doesn't seem to fit in well with the others.
As a fighter first and foremost, he is quite at odds with this organization of deceit and treachery.
Character Story 1:

As the youngest Harbinger in the history of the Fatui, Childe is hardly bound by convention, and plays by his own rules accordingly.
Though this lone wolf is not so well-received by his peers and is also at odds with their methods, his cavalier demeanor hides a responsible, watertight meticulousness.
He is a proud man of his word. Even if the promise he makes is absurd, he will never break it.
Be it exterminating all the dragons inside their lairs, venturing into a domain of extreme danger, or single-handedly overthrowing the territory of a nobleman...
He not only keeps his promises, but does so with finesse and surgical precision. As the Harbingers' vanguard, Childe always appears in the vulnerable underbellies of Snezhnaya's enemy states, striking as a conflict is about to erupt.
Character Story 2:

Many myths in Snezhnaya say that Tartaglia has been on the battlefield since he was 14 years old.
Oddly enough, at that young age he already seemed to be a skilled slaughterer with mastery of many forms of martial arts.
But more terrifying than his skill in combat was his passion for it.
Perilous battles would only excite him, and terrifying foes would exhilarate him all the more.
Childe's arrogance and conceit are derived from honing himself across countless battles, and from unmatched combat experience.
On the other hand, because they fret about the way his quarrelsome personality tends to invite unwanted trouble, the other Harbingers constantly try to get him sent on missions to places as far from Snezhnaya as possible, so that they can avoid the fallout.
The man is incomprehensibly ever in the eye of the storm, and these unusual experiences have also made him quite the show-off who revels in the praise of others.
Unlike other members of the Harbingers, who prefer to keep a low profile, Tartaglia will often go to watch public performances — occasionally even becoming part of the show himself.
Character Story 3:

Ice fishing has been one of Tartaglia's hobbies since childhood.
In those days, he was known neither by the names Tartaglia nor "Childe," as the Fatui call him, but as Ajax, named by his father after some hero's tale. He and his father would cut holes open upon frozen lakes before sitting beside them and tending to their fishing lines.
This was no easy task, and would sometimes take the entire morning.
But whether it was chiseling away at the thick ice or the long waits in between catches, he was always accompanied by his father's unending tales of adventure.
These were stories of his father's adventures from when he was young, and they became the future that Tartaglia secretly envisioned for himself.
So he would pay close attention, putting himself into the shoes of the protagonist of those tales, immersing himself fully in them even as they waited for a fish to bite.
Even after leaving home, Ajax, later to be known as "Childe" Tartaglia, would keep up that hobby of his.
No longer accompanied by the stories of bygone days, fishing instead became an opportunity to train — to hone his endurance, and reflect on combat techniques.
Such long periods of meditation to refine his skills swiftly relegated the question of a successful catch to irrelevance.
Character Story 4:

Unlike what the rest of the world may think, Tartaglia was not born with his exceptional skills in battle.
But he would never speak to anyone about that critical, fateful encounter of his...
When he was 14, he fled his monotonous life at home with nothing but a shortsword and a bag of bread in hand.
That 14-year-old boy got lost in the snowy forest.
Pursued by bears and wolf packs, he lost his footing and fell into a bottomless crack in the earth's surface.
There, he witnessed the endless possibilities of another ancient world. There, he would meet a mysterious swordswoman...
Or perhaps one should say that this dark realm had sensed the burning ambition in this boy's heart.
This darkness was something that the Harbinger Childe could never again delve into.
In those three months, the swordswoman taught Tartaglia how to pass through the Abyss unhindered, and more importantly, nurtured the ability to stir up endless havoc from within Ajax's trouble-mongering nature.
No one knew what happened within that darkness during those three months, nor would Ajax ever speak of this to anyone.
When his worried mother and sisters finally found him in that forest, only 3 days had passed in this world.
Thus did Ajax's first adventure end, with his now-rusty shortsword in hand.
This would mark the end of his youth and the beginning of his days as a warrior.
Character Story 5:

By the time he returned home, the young man was no longer the same.
He was no longer frightened and hesitant but had become frivolous and confident. He acted as if this world revolved around him, and as if battle existed for his sake.
Conflict often brings about change, and this capricious, incalculable change attracted Ajax like a revolving kaleidoscope.
In the eyes of his father, that third son that he had so worried about had changed for the worse, bringing much uncalled-for havoc to the seaside village of Morepesok.
Or perhaps it would be more accurate to say that Ajax had become a nexus of strife, for no matter where he went, fights and squabbles would follow — and he reveled in it.
Ultimately, after a huge brawl was pacified with some difficulty and with some near-fatal misses, his father had no choice but to hand his beloved son over for conscription into the Fatui.
He hoped that the strict military training of the Fatui could hone his son's temper, but wound up watching fully-armed troops getting the stuffing beaten out of them by a mere child.
This was a great disappointment to his father, but it also caught the attention of Pulcinella, the 5th Harbinger.
Shocked by Ajax's great strength and curious about how he invariably became the eye of a vortex of discord, Pulcinella inducted Ajax into the Fatui under the pretext of meting out punishment, ordering him to start from the bottom and take up the duty of serving the Tsaritsa.
His insatiable desire for conquest would thus be constantly satiated in fighting for the Fatui, and his ever-burgeoning ego would gorge upon the elation of vanquishing mighty foes...
Until at last, Ajax was chosen to be one of the Fatui Harbingers, donning the mantle of "Childe" Tartaglia and becoming one of the most powerful people in Snezhnaya.
But becoming Tartaglia was far from his end goal. To someone who sought to conquer the world, this was but a tiny step in his journey.
Tartaglia's Letters to Home:

"Dearest Sister, are you all keeping well at home? Has the old man's headache gotten any better?
Please send my regards to our parents and our siblings.
I've sent some wind chill medication over from Liyue Harbor. It's very effective, and will probably keep him from nagging for a while. It should reach you after a few days.
Apart from our father's affairs, I naturally haven't forgotten about gifts for you all.
This letter should come with two kites from Liyue, a rattle drum, two porcelain dolls from Inazuma, and a crate full of various snacks.
And please break it to Anthon that the residents of Liyue are just boring old ordinary humans, like us.
They're not made of stone, and they don't even eat stones.
Do not fret for my sake, Tonia, and refrain from making trouble for anyone at home. I will be home soon. When I have seized the seven stars of Liyue and laid them at the feet of Her Majesty the Tsaritsa, I will take the first ship home, just as I promised — and you know how I always keep my promises.
Yours faithfully, Your loyal knight."
Delusion:

Tartaglia's Delusion is his old badge of honor and the proof of his strength.
He still remembers with perfect clarity the day when he received his Delusion and ascended to become a member of the Harbingers.
As he stood before the cold, stern Tsaritsa, The Jester, the very first of the Fatui, personally pinned this insignia onto him.
It was his reward for slaying many terrible beasts, and a memento of countless battles.
But it was not this that brought Tartaglia joy, for honor is the natural reward of the warrior.
Nor did he pay any mind to the odd looks his new "colleagues" gave him, for the opinions and bellyaches of others meant nothing to him.
The sight of the Tsaritsa on her lofty throne alone stirred the young man's heart with respect and admiration, not merely because she opened the way for him to find an abundance of looming battles, but also because of the way she looked upon him.
Her gaze was cold but pure, arrogant yet sharp.
She was not only the sacrosanct Cryo Archon but also a true warrior.
Thus did Childe, having received his Delusion, swear an oath of fealty to the one and only Tsaritsa of Snezhnaya.
~~tartaglia/childe ends here~~
Thoma:
Character Stories:
Character Details:
Thoma's official title in the Kamisato Clan is that of a "housekeeper," and as such, he is responsible for matters such as cleaning and cooking.
Whenever he appears at the Yashiro Commission, Thoma is almost always busy with such work. He is able to get everything done well, and even Furuta, the butler of the Kamisato Clan, is full of praise for his housekeeping skills.
However, most of the time, Thoma does not stay in the Yashiro Commission, but goes elsewhere to deal with some special matters discreetly.
For example: solving the problems encountered by the Yashiro Commission, asking for information for the head of the Kamisato Clan, fulfilling Ayaka's wishes, etc.
In those unknown corners, Thoma has always used his own way to develop the influence of the Yashiro Commission.
Character Story 1:

Thoma seems to have been born with a good temper.
Regardless of whether he's dealing with a dignitary or a street vendor, Thoma can easily find an opening to join the conversation and have a good time with them.
Thoma, who is good at socializing, has a wide range of contacts in Inazuma. When he first arrived in Inazuma, he relied on his insight and communication skills to make friends with people in various industries. Later, many people would take the initiative to get to know Thoma.
The more people you know, the more resources you can get. Thoma would learn a lot of first-hand information from them, or quietly strike "deals" that are beneficial to the Yashiro Commission.
However, although Thoma has a vast network of contacts, he has never used it for personal gain, nor has he ever forced others to do things in the name of the Yashiro Commission.
Sociability, precise judgment, and just the right amount of tact. Perhaps this is the reason why Thoma can thrive as a "fixer" in Inazuma.
Character Story 2:

Surprisingly, the handsome and cheerful Thoma has no resistance when it comes to cute animals.
When Thoma's out, he always carries some small snacks for animals, and feeds stray cats and dogs when he sees them.
It never fails to make him smile seeing animals scarf food down.
To Thoma, these animals, like himself, are part of what makes up the world.
Even if they don't seem to be eye-catching, they are still trying to live.
As long as you live, good things will always happen... This is what Thoma has always believed in.
Even if these animals had not encountered good things before, he hoped that at least his presence would be a good thing worth celebrating for.
Character Story 3:

As the housekeeper of the Kamisato Clan, Thoma is an "all-rounder" when it comes to housekeeping.
Whether it's cleaning, cooking, sewing, gardening, caregiving, or socializing, he can handle it all with ease.
For Thoma, housekeeping is not only a job and duty, but also his hobby.
He would clean the house like new, making sure that there was not a single grain of dust left on the railings. He would be in a very happy mood when faced with a clean and tidy Yashiro Commission.
Perhaps it's the sense of accomplishment that comes with cleaning. Whenever he has the chance, Thoma will pick up a broom or duster and sweep away any unsightly stains.
In addition, he also takes special care of the daily lives of his colleagues around him.
There was a winter when Inazuma's temperature suddenly dipped, and a guard of the Yashiro Commission accidentally caught a cold while out on patrol. A few days later, he unexpectedly received a sweater hand-knitted by Thoma.
The sweater that was just the right size made the guard think back to the clothes he received from his mother every winter. Now that his mother was old, she hadn't sent him clothes for many years.
With this in mind, the guard took a long leave of absence to visit his family. The day he came back, he brought Thoma a special souvenir from his hometown, and they became good friends.
Character Story 4:

Thoma's father is an Inazuman and his mother is a Mondstadter.
Thoma grew up in Mondstadt and has been accustomed to its carefree and happy atmosphere since he was young. Influenced by this, he can easily mingle with anyone.
However, he has also been taught by his father since he was a child and places great importance on the word "loyalty".
After Thoma's father returned to Inazuma, he was worried that his old man would not be able to drink Mondstadt's wine there, so he sailed to Inazuma alone in a boat carrying Dandelion Wine.
On the way, a huge wave overturned the boat and Thoma fell into the water. Fortunately, he just drifted unconscious down the water until he got washed ashore on a beach in Inazuma.
At that time, Thoma had nothing and no family with him, but still started his life in Inazuma with optimism.
However, despite his best efforts, he was unable to find his father, who was supposed to be in Inazuma.
But at his most difficult moment, Thoma met someone in Inazuma who was worthy of his "loyalty" to the end.
Character Story 5:

Due to his hailing from Mondstadt, Thoma is often regarded as an "outsider" by the local residents of Inazuma.
Despite the strange looks and gossip directed towards him, Thoma never showed any dissatisfaction, and always smiled at all doubts.
Thoma is recognized as the most amiable person in the Yashiro Commission, but to outsiders, it is another story.
"Don't offend Thoma! Otherwise, things will be difficult to handle."
No one is sure when it started, but this saying has gone around so much that many people are convinced of this when they hear it.
As for those who have had unpleasant run-ins with Thoma, the mention of him still instills fear:
"Don't be fooled by that guy! He's always smiling kindly, but all I did was cheat the Yashiro Commission of a small sum of money, and he..."
That's right, if anyone dares to harm the interests of the Yashiro Commission or disrespect the Kamisato siblings, Thoma will make them pay.
He sees this as his duty and does his best, but does not like to boast about his achievements. Even if he is criticized for this, he will not defend himself too much.
"Gee, who cares about such trivialities? And it doesn't matter what kind of person I am, as long as those who should know know it."
Old Duster:

Thoma's favorite duster has been with him in many "conquests".
As it has been used for too long, no matter how Thoma cleans and takes care of it now, it still looks old and gray. Despite this, Thoma is still reluctant to discard it.
This duster was given to Thoma when he was first assigned cleaning duties at Yashiro Commission. As soon as he sees it, he recalls those hard but happy times.
At that time, Thoma had yet to comprehend various cleaning techniques. Due to his lack of experience, he was often busy doing all kinds of cleaning and tidying work until late at night.
Accompanying him were the moonlight above his head, the chirping of insects in the summer night, and the sound of a duster tapping on the beams.
There are many different kinds of cleaning. From a simple cleaning to an all-out deep cleaning, Thoma has experienced it all.
At first, he found the work boring, but after he got used to it, he found that he could think more quietly when cleaning.
So to this day, Thoma often uses this duster to perform his work.
While brushing away the dust in front of him, he also brushed away the fog in his head in a quiet and steady state of mind.
Vision:

In his early years living in Mondstadt, Thoma did not have particularly strong aspirations.
Each day, he was awakened by the early morning sun and the fresh fragrance of flowers. After breakfast, he could choose to take a relaxing stroll through the city or explore the wilderness freely.
At that time, Thoma thought that people should have the happiness of living a leisurely life. Perhaps it would have been better to live a peaceful life.
This calm mood disappeared the moment when he was swept into a strange country by the waves, across the ocean in a small boat.
Here, he had to receive a favor to survive, and thus the thought of "repayment" arose.
Ten years ago, when the Yashiro Commission's Kamisato Clan was losing its power.
Kamisato Ayato, who was embroiled in the dispute over the succession rights of the clan due to the death of both parents, told Thoma:
"Now that the situation in Inazuma is unclear, the trouble the Kamisato Clan faces will only increase. You are someone who can see what's at stake, so if you don't want to get involved, leave early."
Could Thoma, who had received so many favors from the Kamisato Clan, just leave like that? Choosing to leave would mean that he would have to return to his ordinary, stable life with regrets and guilt.
The storm was imminent, and Thoma was like a leaf drifting in the sea.
But after much deliberation, Thoma's answer was:
"If I leave at this time, I will lose my loyalty and righteousness. Father has always taught me to be a loyal and righteous man... I would like to do my best to do my part for the young master and the young lady. You will certainly need me as a helper in the path you embark on in the future."
The will to burn for loyalty and righteousness forged a strong desire that drew the attention of the gods.
As if to respond to Thoma's choice — on this night of divergent destinies, a Vision, bright red like a blaze, appeared beside him.
~~thoma ends here~~
Tighnari:
Character Stories:
Character Details:
Those who travel through Avidya Forest will sometimes meet a rather special Forest Watcher.
He has large ears, a long tail, and a slightly delicate face. If a less discerning eye were to appraise him, he might even look like some kind of small, rare animal native to the forests.
But anyone who has even been acquainted with him will know that there is clarity to his words and steadiness in his bearing.
"One moment, please. Judging from your equipment, you're a traveling merchant bound for Sumeru City, aren't you? Come back, please, you're going the wrong way."
"I mean, just look over there. The leaves are dense and the air grows damper. That doesn't seem like the main road leading to the city, no matter how you slice it."
"Oh dear, your waterskin is empty, isn't it?"
"Come, let me share some with you. Being in a rainforest is no reason to skimp on your water supply."
"If you drink any old water you find out here, you might next find yourself at Bimarstan, you know?"
"Of course, if that is part of your itinerary, then I suppose you have... interesting opinions."
Amidst the flurry of instructions, the lost lamb will have all the arrangements made for them before they know it.
"Um... Thank you so much! Still, uh, might I ask who you are...?"
As the other Forest Rangers look upon the traveling merchant bowing to the diminutive Forest Watcher, they cannot help but laugh.
"Pfft-haha! Ahem. This is our G— Well, Forest Watcher Tighnari."
Character Story 1:

Other than the most basic of forest maintenance, the Forest Rangers will often encounter a great number of problems whose origins lie in human hands:
Arbitrarily occupied camps, shacks built by the destruction of vegetation, domestic waste dumps that may become sources of pollution, bonfire embers that have yet to fully be extinguished...
In response to such situations, they must not only solve the problem at hand but also try to admonish the perpetrators, and yet these exhortations are not always accurately communicated.
This would improve greatly after Tighnari joined the Forest Watchers.
Part of this is his scholarly rigor — the way in which he will unceremoniously "teach" the troublemakers.
But more importantly, Tighnari is able to communicate the correct way to act and the reasons behind that in a manner most comprehensible to those he teaches.
The way he sees it, these crafts of living out in the wilds are also knowledge, and that getting people to accept knowledge is an art in and of itself.
It is far more useful to be straightforward about the other part's errors and what is at stake as opposed to dryly giving advice.
This is also why Tighnari has disagreements with the Akademiya's purveying of the Akasha Terminal.
Knowledge is, in truth, the treasure of all living things. It should be passionately embraced by those who are curious about it as opposed to becoming a tool for survival, doled out in limited amounts.
Unfortunately, as a young researcher, Tighnari did not have anywhere near the clout to stand against the Akademiya, and even now he can only do what he can in a limited capacity.
At the same time, reality does not quite match up to one's ideals—
As such, some unlucky soul getting lectured by Tighnari is no uncommon sight in Avidya Forest.
Character Story 2:

When Tighnari first arrived at Gandharva Ville, he was still a normal member of the Forest Rangers, no different from any other Forest Watcher.
"Rather than taking part in all these babbling debates about all these 'big ideas,' I might as well change the forest for the better in a practical manner, using what I’ve [sic] learned."
—This was how Tighnari originally felt when he first joined the Forest Rangers, a fresh graduate from the Amurta school who had parted ways with the Akademiya.
But he soon discovered that the Forest Rangers had significant problems of their own.
They were passionate about protecting the forest, yes, but the organization as a whole lacked rational structure and instruction with any measure of scientific rigor.
Alas, change could never come without any difficulty, and yet Tighnari was never good at leaving things to rot.
As such, the highly active Tighnari leapt into action to turn things around.
He created a rationalized forest patrol log, assigned tasks according to each person’s [sic] strengths, and regularly conducted natural history training for his fellow team members...
With the enthusiastic cooperation of his fellow rangers, the forest patrols around Avidya Forest grew ever more effective, especially around Gandharva Ville, where it could be said to be perfect.
Naturally, this knowledgeable and highly active researcher would become someone whom the Forest Rangers looked up to.
One day, Tighnari would discover that he had a new name amongst his colleagues.
"Hey there, General Watchleader! Could you look over the journal entry I wrote for today?"
"General Watchleader! I’ve [sic] found some baggage down in the Chinvat Ravine. I've placed at the lost and found section."
"Oh no, where has Sag gone... Um, General Watchleader, have you seen it around?"
He at first took this for slips of the tongue, but many recurrences later, this sign would see his brows burrow.
"Do we actually have that rank? Or are we going for something similar to 'General Mahamatra'?"
Whatever the case, Tighnari would eventually prevail upon everyone to go back to calling him "Forest Watcher," "Master," or "Mr. Tighnari."
"I'm afraid 'General Watchleader' is too great a title for me to bear," or so he said.
"Heh, that actually reminded me of a joke someone once told about the title of 'General Mahamatra'..."
He did not make mention of this other reason for his refusal of that title.
Character Story 3:

There was a time when a certain vibrantly-colored flower was all the rage amongst the people of Sumeru. Many people would buy it to adorn their houses, and thus it gradually became a trend.
Unfortunately, this flower was not long for the world if removed from the rainforest, and would only last two days at best if so plucked.
Flowers that were no longer fresh would soon be discarded, left by the wayside to rot — a shame by any standard of imagination.
This could not go on. Never mind the garbage or pollution-related issues, this trend ran the risk of damaging the forest ecosystem if it persisted long enough.
However, just as the Forest Rangers were mulling over this problem, Tighnari would send out an offer of cooperation with the flower sellers in the city:
The Forest Rangers would help them gather fresh flowers for free, but that they should provide an additional service, informing those who came to purchase the flowers that if they sent them back by the second day, they would obtain a receipt that could then be exchanged within the next 3 days for a dried flower decoration.
These decorations were of course provided by Tighnari and the Forest Rangers. The option to pay for them and how much to pay would be left up to the buyer of the flowers, just as things might go at a charity bazaar.
Part of this Mora would go to the store owner as service charge for collecting the leftover flowers, and the rest would be used for funding the Forest Rangers' efforts to maintain the rainforest.
This cooperation went quite smoothly indeed. The flower shop owners saved themselves the trouble of searching deep within the rainforest for their floral quarry and got some extra income; the Forest Rangers got to control the process and amount of flowers gathered, and also got some extra funds; those who bought flowers would not only receive a temporary flower as a companion, but also a more permanent memento.
This all went quite swimmingly, but some rangers did not understand, asking: "Why didn't we just ban the gathering of such flowers in the first place? Wouldn't that have been simpler?"
Tighnari shook his head when he heard this answer, causing his ears to shake.
"We shouldn't make such simple calculations. If we were to force our requests through, we would be just like a stolid lecturer who fails to have others understand, but who stirs up feelings of rebellion instead."
"If that were to happen, our reputation would be the least of our woes — we would have our hands full trying to deal with those who were coming to pick flowers illegally!"
"In any case, trends will change. Don't worry. I'm sure the people's attention will shift to something else soon."
Pragmatic as these words were, they quickly found traction with the Forest Rangers. Collei's nods were particularly rapid.
"The dried flower decorations that Master taught us to make have been pretty popular with the children, too!"
Character Story 4:

Beings of Tighnari's race are a rare and unpredictable sort, and usually give off the impression of being loners.
But Tighnari's circumstances appear to have been somewhat different.
Although he has spent much time meditating on his research and has spent comparatively little on cultivating relationships, he did wind up stumbling into a good number of comrades nonetheless.
Tighnari had excellent grades in the Akademiya early on, and many would come to him for help with their coursework. When his seminar courses would end, he would often go along with requests for group photos.
Not that he really understood them, but he agreed anyway.
That was how "Tighnari knows everything, and he's so nice to talk to!" became a widespread saying, causing many to fight for his time. Even students from other Darshans would want to collaborate with him.
This went on till one day, when his popularity also attracted the attention of the General Mahamatra Cyno—
Forming factions and gathering forces... these were nothing if not the harbingers of academic corruption!
Yet with some time spent observing Tighnari, Cyno found that the former had only received people out of the goodness of his heart.
Tighnari himself only really had eyes for his work, and was dispassionate concerning the offers of others.
Certainly he would agree to collaborate, but only in the interests of furthering his research in the best way possible.
Ultimately, Cyno's judgment was as such: "This is an upright and reliable talent who has no questionable dealings. Threat resolved.
It was perhaps due to this pure impression that the General Mahamatra, known for distancing himself from scholarship and scholars alike, would let down his guard and become friends with Tighnari in the days to come.
These factors would all culminate in yet another meeting with another comrade.
"This young lady's name is Collei?"
"It's okay if you can't read or write. We all start having no knowledge — in this you are no different from anyone else."
"Shall we start with writing your name, then?"
Character Story 5:

All who love research share the enjoyment of performing that research and a curiosity for the unknown.
This is also true of Tighnari, and indeed, his curiosity seems to have been with him since birth.
While children his age were still reading fairy tales, Tighnari was already flipping through crates and shelves in his parents' study.
From his father, who studied insects, he would take general textbooks, and from his paleontologist mother, he would borrow some images of fossils.
Thus did Tighnari absorb all this knowledge, whether he understood it or not, while hugging his tail.
Slowly, however, he found that as his knowledge increased, the unknowns that he wished to explore also grew more numerous.
For example, why were other people born without ears and tails like that of his family?
Flipping through all the ancient tomes he could find in his home, Tighnari discovered a manuscript left behind by an ancestor of his that concerned "Valuka Shuna."
As the records claimed, Valuka Shuna were a race subject to King Deshret, and who dwelled in the vast desert, mostly possessing light-colored fur and large ears that were excellent at dissipating heat.
Later, calamity would descend and destroy King Deshret's realm, with the Valuka Shuna only surviving due to the grace of the Dendro Archon, which turned their fur green.
"It is worth noting that while Valuka Shuna were noted to have been more like foxes, the meaning of their name was 'large desert dog.'"
"According to a human friend of mine who has a very close relationship with the forest, it was a little creature known as an Aranara that gave them this name."
"Oh my," Young Tighnari thought in shock, "so I'm a 'large desert dog!'"
To be more precise, it was the fact that his ancestors had lived alongside the Valuka Shuna that they did end up inheriting some of their traits.
But of course, such technicalities were of no importance to an excited child. Thus did Tighnari immediately ask his father to bring him — the 'large desert dog' — back to the desert to have a look on his next surveying trip.
Unfortunately, they met with an accident. Not a few meters into the desert, Tighnari fell into a faint from the heat and had to be rushed back to the rainforest.
"Oh no," Tighnari thought sadly as he convalesced in his treehouse, "the 'large desert dogs' have devolved in my generation."
Many years later, the ignorant child had become a reliable researcher, and this event had become a joke consigned to the past.
Nowadays, Tighnari not only knows why those little Aranara gave them this name, but also why he faints easily from the desert heat.
The former is simple. Foxes and dogs are, biologically speaking, both canines, so the Aranara might have viewed them as interchangeable.
As for the latter, though Tighnari is loath to admit it, it probably had something to do with what his father said then as he tousled his hair.
"This lad's fur is an intensely dark shade of green. He's going to have trouble in the desert heat for sure!"
Researcher's First Magnifying Glass:

When little Tighnari would explore alone in the rainforest, he would carry a magnifying glass with him.
That was a gift from his mother. Light and cogent in design, it could immediately be recognized as a tool suited for children.
"Your ears can already help you hear sounds from reeeaaally far away, so let this magnifying glass help you see smaller things!"
Thus did Tighnari use this device to see the veins on the back of leaves, the powder that hung off butterfly wings, and the trails of the rainforest snakes...
It was through this gradual observation, collection, and consideration that he was eventually admitted into Amurta early, beginning his official learning journey under the Sage there.
Tighnari placed the magnifying glass, scarred and weathered by many years of use, on top of his brand new invitation letter, placed his hands on his cheeks, and thought for a good long while.
Finally, he had this constant companion of his converted into an ornament that he might wear on his person.
He knew that once he entered the Akademiya, he would study more complex books and access more marvelous instruments, and that there was little place for this old beginner's magnifying glass.
However, it would always be his companion in his search for knowledge, and would follow him to see lands wider and vaster still.
Vision:

Academic conferences are unavoidable at the Akademiya, no matter whether one is here to learn or work.
Those at the podium will wax lyrical, and those in the audience will give their support. This sight is most commonplace at such conferences.
But strictly speaking, what researcher, adrift amidst the vast sea of information, will not make mistakes in their investigations?
At one such conference that Tighnari attended, one speaker spoke of things that Tighnari knew to be untrue.
Then, he was just a bystander and a listener. Glancing around his surroundings almost subconsciously, he noticed that neither his classmates nor his teachers had said anything.
What should he do? Perhaps everyone indeed knew what the problem was, but did not want to make the speaker lose face.
Or perhaps he was the only one who had noticed the problem, and his silence now would cause misinformation to spread...
But Tighnari did not hesitate long before steeling himself.
Though both his status and the scene were obstacles in his path, the rigor of knowledge eventually won out.
After all, knowledge was like a star blazing through the night sky. Nothing would divert its path.
So thinking, Tighnari raised his hand—
"My apologies. If I may interject—"
The researcher onstage was at first a bit shocked to hear his gentle voice, but reacted swiftly and invited him to elaborate.
As it turned out, Tighnari had done the right thing.
The speaker, after having processed enough of the information, accepted his corrections earnestly.
And once their exchange had ended, other students and teachers in attendance would also speak in their turn, leading to new research angles opening up for the topics discussed at the conference. Tighnari himself would also receive namecards from some well-known researchers.
Once the whole incident was over, Tighnari would heave a sigh of relief.
That was a fortunate... No, indeed, a joyous thing that those who studied alongside him also accorded knowledge the gravitas it deserved.
But he had not yet counted on something still more fortunate and joyous to occur.
When the meeting ended and Tighnari stood to leave, he heard a crisp, clear "clink!"
—Lo and behold, a Vision rolled off his garments onto the chair below.
~~tighnari ends here~~
Traveler(also called Aether or Lumine):
Character Stories:
Character Details:
The keeper is fading away; the creator has not yet come.
But the world shall burn no more, for you shall ascend.
Character Story 1:
A boy and a girl stood amidst the tumult, under an unfamiliar sky.
You were a pair of traveling twins, passing through countless worlds during your journey.
Descending upon a continent named Teyvat, you hoped that you would be able to enjoy your time here.
But as you awoke among the falling stars, you saw the world in turmoil, a cataclysm raging across the land...
You sought to leave this place and move on to the next world, but then an unknown god stood before you, barring the way.
This deity was spotless, floating over a world of chaos.
Looking down on you.
The god took your only kin away, and you were sealed and cast into a deep slumber filled with nightmares...
When you reawakened, the world was changed.
The flames of war raged no longer, and nothing was left that looked familiar.
How long had you been asleep? You had no answers.
Thus, you began a lonely journey, seeking the deity that you had once laid eyes upon...
Character Story 2:

After that, you met Paimon, and wandered together for some time.
You learned that this world has seven deities who rule the seven nations as the Seven Archons.
Your first stop was the free city of wine and song, Mondstadt, a city built by the Anemo Archon.
As you stepped into Mondstadt as an outlander, it was, as the other nations were, beset on both sides by non-human and human threats.
The non-human threat was comprised of the confederacy known as the Abyss Order.
The human threat, on the other hand stemmed, from the ambition of the Tsaritsa, god of Snezhnaya.
The Abyss Order had corrupted an ally of the Anemo Archon, the Dragon of the East of the Four Winds of Mondstadt.
The envoys of Snezhnaya, for their part, used this opposition to the Abyss as an excuse to put pressure on Mondstadt.
These threats from without and within caused the return of the Anemo Archon, who took on the form of a bard and joined you in your journey to save the dragon.
Yet there was something then that you did not see — for as the dragon fell to the Abyss, a certain figure had been reflected in its eyes...
The one who rules the Abyss.
(‍​She​/​He​‍) had once traveled with you, and you had once crossed many worlds together.
Character Story 3:

Though you made no promises, though it was an "agreement" the other party made one-sidedly,
You nonetheless set out on a sojourn across the Seven Nations to reach "the journey's end."
It would be a stretch to call this a pleasant path — as your feet took you forward, you witnessed and were pulled into the crises each nation faced...
Perhaps this is no coincidence. Perhaps some tremendous tremor deeper beneath the world is to blame for the waves of catastrophe.
The Tsaritsa's plan to collect the Gnoses persists apace, while the terrifying force corrupting the world awaits opportunities to strike.
And the Abyss Order, the organization led by your own flesh and blood...
From the Loom of Fate operational launch to the Atlas of the New World's completion, you know deep down that their actions are changing the fate of this world.
As you gradually understand said world, you have also come to understand the things your (‍​sister​/​brother​‍)...
But this has not made your journey any easier, nor your footsteps lighter. That was not what you expected at first.
Character Story 4:

Not yet available
Character Story 5:

Not yet available
Vision:

When faced with circumstances that they cannot control, humans often bemoan their powerlessness.
But if a person is found to have surpassing ambition even as their life reaches such a desperate turning point, then the gods would look upon them with favor.
This favor is the Vision, an external magical focus given to those who have been acknowledged by the gods which they can use to channel elemental power.
Celestia is the realm of the gods, and the wielders of Visions walk the earth below. When they depart from this world, the chosen will ascend.
After coming to this world, you often hear people speak of such things.
You, for your part, can never receive a Vision, for an alien lifeform does not belong...
Is it wise to allow a moment's ambition to dominate one's entire life?
You have needed to consider many such thought-provoking questions, ones that require lengthy consideration, during your journey through many worlds...
Loom of Fate:

Not yet available
~~Traveler ends here~~