Wanderer:
Character Stories:
Character Details:
He needs not introduce himself, for ordinary folk will never get to know him.
Nor will he need to immerse himself in the sea of humanity, for he has long forsaken any worthless emotion.
Several times now he has risen and fallen, and now he lives only for himself.
"Wanderer" is how he believes he might be best described — he has no home, no kin, and no destination.
Like the breeze, he lives in this world, and he walks its length and breadth.
Character Story 1:

Many years ago, the Wanderer was not called by that title. Indeed, he has had many, all of which corresponded to a special status he possessed at that time. Today, many of these past affairs have been forgotten.
The puppet, the eccentric Kabukimono, the 6th seat of the Fatui Harbingers, The Balladeer...
Each of these was a thread of fate tying the puppet's joints down.
Any recollection must begin several hundred years ago, when the puppet that shed tears upon being born would not be given a name, but was instead only given a small golden feather as proof of his personage.
He would be laid to rest within the Shakkei Pavilion, staring blankly at the beauteous scenery within. The flaming maple leaves, the exquisite window lattices... Within that lovely prison, he lost all perception.
It was by accident that a kind-hearted samurai named Katsuragi would enter the pavilion and rescue him. It was Katsuragi who brought him to live in Tatarasuna and meet the people who lived there.
Then, the puppet was as naive as a newborn, filled with goodwill and gratitude towards humans. Katsuragi, upon seeing the golden pinion on his person, knew that this puppet must not have been of ordinary stock, yet have his reasons not to mention his place of origin. Thus, he omitted all mention of Shakkei Pavilion, instead claiming falsely that he had found the young man while patroling Nazuchi Beach, and he bade the puppet play along so as to not expose the lie.
Busy, bustling Tatarasuna was a place of many happy memories for the puppet. There, he was briefly human. There, he was briefly normal.
Katsuragi, Mikoshi Nagamasa, Niwa, Miyazaki, and many other now-forgotten people from Tatarasuna would teach him to read and write, to start fires and make meals, to forge — yes, they accepted him as their friend.
They even asked him: "Don't you want a name? Or are you going to let everyone out there call you the Kabukimono?"
Yet he had no dislike for this name.
"Kabukimono" referred mostly to those who wore vibrant colors and behaved in a peculiar manner. Yes, they made him different, but such was proof of his humanity — proof that he belonged in Tatarasuna.
Pity, then, that though he loved this name so, he would be forced to forsake it. For when he no longer wished to become human, it lost its meaning.
He would depart, and after arriving in the distant north, would join the wild banquet of the Harbingers, working to win the sixth seat among them.
It was the Tsaritsa who would grant him his new title — "The Balladeer." Strength, power, and the desire for conflict — these he already possessed.
The chess pieces raised tides of madness amidst battle, and the slaughterers on the stage upended order.
In that moment, he was sure that The Balladeer was his true name.
Character Story 2:

In the early days when Tatarasuna was still a prosperous place, the Wanderer walked amongst its people, going by the name "Kabukimono."
And the thing that ended his peaceful life was not all that important in the grand scale of Inazuma's history.
Change came to the place in the form of the Akame Clan and a mechanic from Fontaine named Escher. The two cooperated very closely to further improve forging quality, and in the process, Akame introduced Escher to Niwa, who was also from the three Isshin traditions.
Escher's arrival caused quite the stir for a time, for it was through his revolutionary new techniques that they were able to process Crystal Marrow in such a way that their forging efficacy and production were both increased.
But as time passed, anomalies emerged within the great central furnace in Tatarasuna. Black gas gathered within the furnace, and it would gradually affect the bodies of the craftspeople there. Forging and smelting were the foundations of life in Tatarasuna, but now they had become death itself.
And as the toll mounted, the great furnace further went out of control. None could get close to its core, and even stopping it became nigh impossible.
As the highest authority at Tatarasuna, Niwa was forced to enact an information blackout while sending people to Inazuma City to beg aid from Tenshukaku.
For some reason, however, those who took to the sea in ships never returned. Horror began seeping into the hearts of Tatarasuna's people.
The Kabukimono knew that Niwa needed the Raiden Shogun's aid, but did not know that this was the very year when she had successfully built the perfect puppet using parts of herself as material, thus handing over management of the nation to the Guardian of Eternity. He thus boarded a small boat and braved storm and rain to arrive at Tenshukaku, seeking an audience with the Shogun.
But she now dwelled in the Plane of Euthymia, and he was repeatedly refused. In desperation, he displayed the golden feather on his person and asked to see Yae Miko instead.
At this time, Miko was busy assisting the Guardian, and though she rushed down as soon as she heard this news, she could only meet the distressed Kabukimono briefly. Yet he had no ears for her promises to send people to their aid immediately, and returned in despair, convinced that the Shogunate had forsaken Tatarasuna.
Still, the dispatch was sent, the people were mobilized, and they crossed by sea. Yet they arrived to no great disaster. Indeed, most people knew nothing of what had happened. It was the mechanic, Escher, who explained that Niwa had fled with his family for fear of punishment for his malfeasance, and that the Kabukimono had gone into the core zone in his place, shutting the furnace down.
Receiving word that the Kabukimono had been friends with the fleeing Niwa, Yae guessed at the heaviness in his heart and did not wish to further disturb him, merely sending someone to return the feather to him.
Later still, he would disappear without a trace from Tatarasuna. But as people reminisced, they could never forget the celebratory dance he had performed together with them on the day that Mikoshi Nagamasa successfully forged his great blade.
His steps fluttered lightly like a feather in the wind then, and they could not have known that he, like a feather, would depart from them and journey to places unknown.
Character Story 3:

After leaving Tatarasuna, the Kabukimono met a young child in a small house by the seaside somewhere in Inazuma.
The young boy was weak and sickly, and he lived in a rickety old place into which the rain leaked. Seeing his constantly mud-caked face through the gaps in the decrepit wooden door, the Kabukimono felt something twist in his heart, as if some ancient feeling was being re-awakened. And so, he stayed within that wooden house to care for that sick boy, bringing him melons, fruits, and water to drink, helping him to wipe the filth from his face.
Many days passed, and the child's parents did not return. It was only later that the Kabukimono learned that the parents were also workers from Tatarasuna, and they might have lived normal and happy lives, if not for husband and wife contracting some strange illness during their work, often coughing up blood as a result. That they had not returned indicated that they may have passed without any fanfare in some place out there.
The child's name was unimportant, for he had another identity: he was the Kabukimono's friend, and family besides. They talked about how they had been born and promised to continue to live together in that ramshackle hut. As proof of their friendship, the Kabukimono took the boy to Shakkei Pavilion to see the place where he had once lived.
The flaming maple leaves, the ancient latticed windows... All was as it had once been.
At that time, he believed that he would never return here... but he did not realize that the child could die in only one night. One night, barely enough time for the Kabukimono to go out and find some food or swipe some furniture that others no longer had any use for.
Though he had already witnessed much change, he never knew that another person's passing was something that could occur in such a brief moment, or that this moment could grant him nothing but pain.
After the shock, he felt incomparable fury. He was alone. Again. Was he not once more abandoned?
Again! Again! Again!
The boy's small body on the ground was curled up like a jumble of flower petals, a corner of it stained red with blood — red like the maple leaves... red like a blazing fire.
That night, a great flaming glow lit the seaside. The Kabukimono burned the wooden house, and finding himself an old straw hat from within it, left to begin his long journey.
He wandered everywhere, not knowing where to go, and though he would meet many more people along the way, he would never again regard any of them as his companions.
Character Story 4:

The sixth of Snezhnaya's Fatui Harbingers is known as The Balladeer.
And yet this name was not his to own from the start. Indeed, they were yet separated by over a hundred years.
After leaving Inazuma, he forsook the name Kabukimono, reverting to his nameless state, and did not even consider taking another until The Jester found him.
In the end, such titles as "puppet" or "Kabukimono" were all given to him by mortals. And since he would no longer have them as companions, there was no point in using the names they gave him.
But The Jester proved most persuasive, and the puppet was intrigued by the frenzied banquet he spoke of, and so accompanied the man to Snezhnaya to serve in the Fatui.
A stranger named The Doctor would welcome him warmly in this frigid northern land, inviting the Wanderer to be the key reference material in his experiments — his grand research project.
Puppet-making techniques had their roots in Khaenri'ah, and his nature as a creation of the Electro Archon made him all the more special. The Doctor was fascinated by this field of study, and, using the Wanderer as a foundational blueprint, would perform research and experiments for several decades before finally attaining the techniques that would go on to form the basis for his Segments.
In return, The Doctor would unlock the seal on his body, causing his abilities to greatly increase, to the point where he was a match for the lower-ranked Harbingers.
But even so, he did not choose another name. His colleagues called him the "puppet," and so he saw himself also — a puppet, unafraid of death and inexhaustible.
On the Tsaritsa's orders, he would lead a company to explore the Abyss, and there he spent much time. More than once he was wounded, then repaired by The Doctor, and thus he grew stronger, surviving to be wounded again by ever mightier foes.
Much later, he would bring the results of his exploration back to Snezhnaya, gaining the sixth seat in the process. His orders were also changed. Instead of exploring the Abyss, he was now to constantly be on standby, assisting the clandestine activities of the Fatui across the world.
And it was only then that he felt that that new name, "The Balladeer," fit him.
Character Story 5:

The many things that happened after that might even be called soul-stirring, but for the fact that few now remember them.
Only those who witnessed those events would keep them as legends in their hearts, and so they continue to quietly exist, as ancient songs lost to the world.
Within Irminsul, The Balladeer came into contact with the "truth" that Lesser Lord Kusanali had placed within the flow of information. This secret had been hidden within one of The Doctor's many hearts, and just as she claimed, this truth in first person contained all his remaining honesty.
And thus did The Balladeer come to know of past truths: Niwa, who had taught him how to live like an ordinary human and treated him like one, had not fled Tatarasuna to escape punishment as Escher had claimed. In fact, the true culprit had been Escher — no, The Doctor — all along. And as for the heart that had been placed within The Balladeer, it had been cut, still warm, from Niwa's breast.
This death had been nicely packaged within an incident at the forge, and such was Escher's silvered tongue that he all too quickly convinced everyone that this was due to the failings of the local overseer.
As the next person in charge, Mikoshi Nagamasa would have faced capital punishment if not for the intervention of his loyal samurai retainer, Katsuragi, who willingly took the burden of wrongdoing upon himself.
The tragedy that followed need not be elaborated upon. Nagamasa, unwilling as he was, had to wash the stain from the Mikoshi name, and could not allow himself to die here.
And so he brought forth his beloved blade, the Daitatara Nagamasa, and struck Katsuragi down in a single blow, the blade cutting so deep that it nearly split the slain man in twain...
...And had they not all believed in their god?
Why then, did they have to face such a calamity?
If the enigmatic puppet they called the Kabukimono had never existed, would Escher have done the same thing there?
Even if the chance were infinitesimal, could the tragedy of Tatarasuna have been salvaged?
Anyone anywhere else in this world would be able to do nothing about this, but not The Balladeer. He knew that he alone could attempt this one thing, here and now.
He believed himself bold, for he feared not death. Death was but a tiny threat to a puppet, and only humans with hearts knew horror.
He also knew himself to be craven, and for that he had remorse. If he had been then more like he was at present... if he had learned to be less trusting... Would those he had viewed as friends have met such a ruinous end?
Traitor, hero, god, discarded detritus — all these identities would cease to matter to one who leaped into the flux.
The information flow was a place of incomparable silence, and yet his blood roiled in his ears, and his mind roared.
Embrace oblivion!
The puppet was a discarded milksop, the Kabukimono unaccomplished and sheltered, and Scaramouche was a schemer — one who eventually went against divine decree, seeking to go against the tides of the world.
But what of it?
Once upon a time, these inhuman hands had shut a great blazing furnace without caring if his ten fingers were burned to a crisp.
Now, these hands grasped at the tiniest possibility, twisting the truth to fulfill his wish.
Yes, embrace it, embrace it with this form that shall be obliterated!
To ruin with this life, as worthless as flowers and feathers and the dawn dew!
Farewell, world! The future shall be what it will. Farewell nonetheless!
Tiny Doll:

Having decided to stop by Sumeru, the Wanderer took some time off to visit Treasures Street and learn how to make toys from some of the merchants there.
In a corner of the bustling street, a kind-hearted old fellow with hair as white as snow invited him to sit by his side, teaching him how to use cloth and thread to sew that which he wanted to make step by step.
The Wanderer spent much time practicing, doing this thing that did not augur with his personality. Strange, perhaps, but he did not hate it.
He had done such things with great patience in times past, after all, learning things such as holding cutlery, wearing clothes, combing his hair...
Yes, he had learned to be a "human" from the little things up.
A few days later, his great work was complete — a little man with white clothes and black hair, a waistband tied using a butterfly knot, and a clear, round tear at the corner of his eye.
Indeed, back then, there was a young fellow who had made this doll in imitation of the Wanderer's past appearance. Shame, then, that he had burned both the doll and his old home to ashes when he left Inazuma.
Many years later, he would make one as well, and oh, how familiar that felt!
Small and soft as it was, it was akin to a defenseless babe. It took up little space in his sleeves, and if he kept it in his hat, it felt like having a travel companion.
"From today, you shall wander together with me."
He said softly, placing it in his pocket.
Vision:

In that instant, the Wanderer could hear the wind's voice. He knew not whence it had come, only that it changed direction as if to greet him.
On it were scents old and nostalgic — the iron hammer, metals, the furnace, the dust of the earth...
Distant dreams, a prosperous past... Incredible though it might seem, even he once led such a simple life.
In that instant, he beheld his own reflections, each one vivid, each one real, each one him.
Cowering in fear, pathetic in his agony, arrogant yet laughable... And they all coalesced into one body.
To accept the past is to acknowledge its failings, to recognize that one is naught but a coward who has achieved nothing — who has nothing.
But only by doing so could he break free of his shackles and become, once again, that tragic person.
In that moment, he knew this: that the appearances of peace and beauty were but an illusion. The real him had never died, no, it lived on deep within his heart. As long as he still had a choice, he would tread the same course no matter how many times he did this over.
As he moved like lightning itself, a blazing light came between him and the Everlasting Lord of Arcane Wisdom, blocking its attack. His will and his choice had gained him the eye of the gods.
The Vision descended, and caught between bright light and darkness, the glittering ornament seemed almost like an eye on a smiling face, questioning him from afar: Can you, who have desires of such intensity, still be considered a being without a heart?
~~wanderer ends here~~
Wriothesley:
Character Stories:
Character Details:
To the great relief of the Maison Ordalie, most Fontainians are law-abiding citizens. As such, the Fortress of Meropide is not a place that they will ever visit in their lives.
At the same time, there is an easily understood yet rather tragic truth, which is that those who have served time often find it difficult to reintegrate back into the "overworld," and few will actively speak of their experiences in the "underworld."
Rather than a specific place, the Fortress is more like an idea, a warning, a symbol of misfortune and castigation — a byword amongst Fontainians. As for who controls this idea, that is unimportant.
Thanks to this state of affairs, Wriothesley has been able to lead a secluded and private existence, living and traveling in Fontaine in a manner quite unbefitting of his status as the "Duke."
Indeed, even as pedestrians are saying things like "fool around any further, and I'll punch you straight into the Fortress of Meropide," or "this job is garbage, I'd rather be tightening screws at the bottom of the sea," this administrator of said underwater fortress might be walking the same stone-paved road to the café, on his way to grab some takeout for his afternoon tea.
Character Story 1:

Wriothesley does not, in fact, leave the Fortress often. Using the network of information and connections that he has personally built up over the years, he can gain any intelligence or resources he needs from the comfort of his office.
However, he is also aware of one principle, which is that he cannot be imprisoned in that office by the host of duties that assails him, or he will either never get a good night’s sleep, or soon find himself sleeping forever beneath the waves.
Only two things are necessary for him to run this place comfortably: Mora and manpower.
Fortunately, the Fortress itself is a giant factory, and he has quite the knack for making money — why, even the Palais Mermonia is one of his valued customers. Very importantly, giving the Palais some extra care is not considered to be hankering after power, and the Court of Fontaine for its part has little power of oversight over the Fortress, and thus simply represents valued customers and Mora — the more of both, the better. As such, Wriothesley is happy to comply with the Maison Gestion’s exhaustively strict demands for proper documentation.
(The Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering's incredible demand for Arkhium might have once made it a match for the Palais, but ever since the Institute became a mid-air tourist attraction, it has been forced to withdraw from the partnership. Till we meet again for another big contract, valued customer.)
One of the most common pitfalls for the immensely wealthy is over-valuing money and undervaluing people. This is, again, where Wriothesley is a fortunate man, for he was not born rich, and thus knows how important it is to get along with others.
He treats all who live at the Fortress equally. Be they criminals, guards, or ordinary staff, so long as they do what they should as they should, he will not nitpick.
But as for those who overstep their station — well then, words must be had. The underwater space they dwell in is quite enclosed, and for most, there is nowhere else to go. If possible, of course, Wriothesley would prefer everyone to be reasonable, but where reasoned words fail, he will use even more persuasive means.
Occasionally overlooking the trivial, meaningless, but inevitable clashes between people is fair enough. Most people know better than to raise a real stink, while as for those who don’t... there are places where they can go. Just as flowing water can cleanse itself, so can a functioning society get rid of its rot.
As such, not only has Wriothesley not been worked into oblivion, he has even found himself significant amounts of free time.
Once, the famous Champion Duelist Clorinde paid him a visit, and said this in passing: "Why does it feel like you have even more free time than me? Your title wasn’t bought, was it?"
"One moment, please."
So saying, Wriothesley rifled through three drawers before producing several thick documents with a flourish. "Now, let me see... 'excellent management'... 'leading tax contributor'... 'specially granted this title...' Well, what do you know? Good guess, that's pretty much what happened after all."
Character Story 2:

No titles may be bought in Fontaine, which prides itself upon impartial justice — certainly not with Mora. That idle exchange between Wriothesley and Clorinde was pure nonsense, just a bit of verbal horsing around to liven up an otherwise bone-dry business interaction.
However, while the title of "Duke" itself was not bought, Wriothesley's accession to administrator of the Fortress of Meropide cannot be separated from "money."
Credit Coupons serve the role of currency within the Fortress. Here, Coupons are the medium of exchange, and this has been the case for a very long time, with only the details differing. When Wriothesley was incarcerated here as an inmate, trade in Coupons was much freer, and the range of items that could be bought more comprehensive. So long as you had enough of them in your pocket, you could obtain harmful drugs, know the winner of fixed matches, buy the hearts of people sitting on the fence, and even take away the right of others to continue breathing.
Many of these were extralegal trades, but even the official channels had their various special tricks, too. If you lacked private connections, you could only buy food and water at exorbitant prices, and your fortune slip would not be some adage of unknown providence, but real, practical, extra work you had to finish by the end of the workday. Coupons in those days resembled nothing so much as the previous administrator's tool for controlling inmates.
Hurling lawbreakers into a lawless chaos to fend for themselves was indeed one way of doing things, but Wriothesley could not approve of it. He was perfectly willing to adapt to his environment, but if the environment was not suited for survival in the first place, then he certainly wasn't going to take this lying down.
He spent a great deal of time accumulating capital in the underground arena and used that money to make still more. He was always the observant type, and was quite persuasive, too, not to mention humble and reasonable — so before anyone knew it, he had already accumulated more Coupons than everyone else in the Fortress combined.
This accumulated wealth made him a man of high repute amongst his fellow inmates. And just as Wriothesley expected, the hammer of punishment soon came swinging down. In a single night, his Coupon account was emptied in one cruel stroke by the Fortress's administrator.
But as noted before, Wriothesley had a knack for convincing others. Words have the power to incite, and so long as all residents of the Fortress, rich and poor, understood that they could suffer a similar fate under such management, they would speak up for him. And if he acted in a sufficiently upright manner in a sufficiently impressive setting, others would join with him to fill the void in their hearts.
As such, he challenged the Fortress' previous administrator to a duel, in the name of fairness, justice, and order. Of course, their respective standings made poor grounds for this fight even at the best of times, but on that day, not a soul, inmate or guard, said a word in protest.
Very fortunately, said administrator's last-minute flight saved Wriothesley from having to get another person’s blood on his hands. But unfortunately, that day was also the day he would have finished serving his sentence, but with the administrator missing, there was no one to sign his exit papers.
And so, he walked into the office in the middle of the Fortress, and took over all relevant duties.
Character Story 3:

After he obtained access to old court documents, Wriothesley pulled out his own case file. There wasn't much in it, but even that was already all that the Fontaine authorities had been able to uncover at the time. According to the accounting ledger of his host family, he had been taken in as an abandoned infant — beyond that, there was no more relevant information.
While browsing through his file, Wriothesley encountered some names that he had vague impressions of, and some other foggy faces briefly floated into view before fading to the sound of turning pages. Had he been willing, he could have used his connections to discover how these old companions were faring, but he dismissed those thoughts even as they entered his mind.
To them, he must represent a past they no longer wished to recall, and to him, these names no longer constituted any part of his life. He had a new identity, a new home, and new friends.
This was a strange experience for him. He'd met and known many people, and of all of them, very few could be considered friends — and he even knew quite a few who weren't human at all, something he puts down to Melusines really enjoying hanging out with humans. Their appearance belies their age, but the goodwill they show humans truly does have an innocence that only one's elders may have, a belief that these young human souls are good-hearted to begin with, and thus worthy of all care and faith in the infinite possibilities their futures hold.
Wriothesley himself has benefitted from this many times. When he was out on the streets with only the clothes on his back, it was a passing Melusine who gave him some hot soup. When he did not return completely unharmed from his bouts in the ring, Sigewinne would be waiting to greet him cheerily in the infirmary — not to mention how the officers of the Marechaussee Phantom have always been, within legal limits, his greatest help in investigating certain secret affairs.
As such, he tacitly permits their visits to the Fortress, even if this can sometimes mean unneeded trouble. As for anything they might need to know, the Head Nurse warns them, and there's no need to go into details. In any case, anyone so capable of pasting stickers everywhere while he's not looking is hardly someone whose well-being he needs to worry too much about.
Character Story 4:

Watching the crimson stain spread across the floorboards, a wildly inappropriate thought entered Wriothesley's mind. How many Melusine officers would it take to investigate all the traces of blood in this place?
His thoughts then immediately leapt elsewhere. To think that his blood was so like that of those who had deceived him that they could run together, melding effortlessly. How revolting.
But he had lost all capacity to vomit. Indeed, he could not move a muscle if he tried. Thought and warmth had both faded, and his mind had begun to fill with a seeping, murky fog — there was nothing in his life till now worth remembering.
But he did not die. Fate, it seemed, wanted him to live with the burden of sin, and so when he woke up in his hospital bed, both of his hands had been cuffed to the metal rails. A well-dressed woman was looking at him nervously from her distant chair. No doubt, she considered him to be some manner of young psychopath.
Producing pen and paper, she asked for his name, and he paused for a good long time. His thoughts drifted to an obituary he once saw in the papers, in which there was a person who had lived to a ripe old age bearing a long and complicated name. He didn't particularly like it, but he no longer wished to use the one his foster parents had given him.
Thus did the woman write "Wriothesley" down, and inform him of his trial date (which was, would you know it, the day the doctors expected him to be able to get out of bed), before hurriedly taking her leave.
The trial itself went very smoothly, which he was grateful for. The blood he had spilled had stained his hands and taken root in his heart, driving him to yearn for a just conviction. He told all present of the full circumstances around the killing, and even added some details, such that there was no real room for argument in this case. Argue they still did, though, first on the matter of past cases related to orphans in an inconclusive search for any precedent patterns, and then somehow for clemency, believing that the people he'd taken vengeance on were villains themselves in the first place, and that he should thus not have to bear the burden of guilt.
This background noise did not change the ultimate result of the trial, and no sooner was it over than he was sent beneath the sea to serve time. Before he was to depart, the Gestionnaire in charge of recording his sentence asked him once again for his personal particulars.
"You're... Wriothesley, then? Your birthday, please."
"...Today."
Character Story 5:

Wriothesley’s mechanical gauntlets have gone through a great many iterations.
Their origin can be traced back to his escape from his foster home. Given his age and constitution then, it was impossible for him to deal with a single adult, let alone more. As such, he was forced to try his luck on the streets, picking up odd jobs and doing apprenticeships, learning the art of lockpicking and the creation of small gadgets. He wanted to make sure that he would be well-equipped when he finally returned to destroy that accursed place.
He fashioned a wrist-mounted device that could launch iron nails at high speed, penetrating any sufficiently soft surface. Unfortunately, it had limited uses, and lost all ability to function after a battle, just like him — and unlike him, it could not be saved.
In the past, the underground pankration fights of the Fortress of Meropide had neither a fixed venue nor set rules. To win and keep earning, he had to constantly modify his gauntlets, because a trick you used once could be used against you the next time. Furthermore, even if he didn’t render them scrap on the field, they could still be stolen or wrecked in some other way by others. He certainly had to start over countless times.
Once he had the ability to garner better materials, his progress began to accelerate. He no longer needed to rely on chemicals to power the mechanism, and he would gain the support of professionals hailing from the Fontaine Research Institute. Those researchers enjoyed explaining the principles of mechanics to him even as they bellyached about all sorts of outrageous matters that occurred at the Institute. This, Wriothesley found fascinating — technological development increased the number of crimes that were committed, but they could also aid in solving them. Was that development then good or bad? That was hard to say.
At that point, he no longer participated in matches all that often, with the gauntlets being saved for dealing with the trickiest of problems. They no longer took life, and instead brought him great praise and respect.
But the people of the Fortress also know little of the crime he once committed. The only one who still remembers it like yesterday is Wriothesley himself. And no matter how much glory or repute he has earned, he still considers himself to be the same old Wriothesley he's always known.
Neither a good person, nor a complete villain. He's just another soul, still living on in this world.
The Wingalet:

"But thusly do the ancient writers concur — 'Oceans will rise, empires will fall, and the only constant is change.'"
After dealing with the spies that the Fatui planted, Wriothesley took a bit of a swim in the seas around the Fortress. He spent very little time in there, finding afterward that his skin had flushed a slight red tint, though it returned to normal shortly afterward. He did not go to the infirmary for a checkup, nor did he intend to reveal this to anyone. All manner of recent signs had indicated that the prophecy was gradually coming to pass, and all people, regardless of whether they believed in it or not, had their own views on the matter, and did not really need this extra information.
He had encountered some inmates with academic research backgrounds, though their numbers were relatively few, and they were prone to mad babbling even when clear-headed. They called this a malady common to all historians, and begged his forbearance in the matter. Wriothesley, of course, did not mind, and indeed, he was very interested in their arguments. And according to some schools of thought, if rising and falling were common in this world, then that great sea that once swallowed Remuria may perhaps return someday. In that sense, the prophecy was not really a prophecy, then, but was instead the expression of a rational pattern.
As with many other things, he was somewhat on the fence about this reasoning. The Fortress was no stranger to issues that needed "mediation," with eyewitnesses often giving different testimonies. As such, he would reserve judgment on all records, and especially historical chronicles, for was poetic exaggeration not common practice in such writing? "Even the great dragon beneath the abyssal depths submitted to his power..." And how was anyone to know if this so-called great dragon was not just some very large vishap?
Once all embellishments were removed, what still remained were the actual things he needed to take note of.
Throughout his as-yet unfinished life, Wriothesley has always seemed to be preparing for something. No matter what, he does not wish for people to be ruled by terror. And once the personal element of fear has been removed, what remains is something more akin to a sense of danger. He would like to make some preparations in response to the crisis, even if it might prove futile in the end.
History is, after all, vast and terrible, and humanity is no more than seashells to be smashed upon the seashore by its great waves. Thus, he began to prepare for the creation of the Wingalet, expending vast resources and employing much manpower, though he did not put more stock into its success. It was a ship designed for fleeing disaster — an insurmountable chasm lay between it and golden Fortuna, bringer of civilization and glory.
Nonetheless, if it could indeed serve its purpose, Jurieu and Lourvine's many quarrels would not have been for naught.
"Thusly do the ancient writers concur — 'Oceans will rise, empires will fall, and the only constant is change.'"
Vision:

Standing before the registration counter at the Fortress, Wriothesley reached into his pocket to produce the sheet of paper that had his name and the length of his sentence on it.
But out with that sheet also came a glass ball about the size of his palm.
No, wait, this wasn’t just some random glass ball. Wriothesley blinked. When had he come into possession of this?
The person at the desk — a stern-looking lady with a wrinkled face — gasped, before steadying her shocked expression, gripping her pen tighter. Her lips moved, and moved again, but at last closed.
"She must have a lot of experience about living here," he immediately thought, and so he did his best to hold the Vision in his palm, before asking in a small voice, "Miss, may I ask..."
The senior registrar did not reply. She took the slip of paper from him and looked coldly behind him, as if sizing up the next criminal who'd come to register. However, when she had finished filling the necessary information in, she had written something unnecessary in the margins of the documents she passed back to him. "Hide it well."
Wriothesley realized immediately that life at the Fortress would be even harder than roaming the streets.
He felt fortunate that he had blocked everyone behind him from seeing what had happened, and more fortunate still that this kind-hearted registrar had been willing to give him a reminder. Sadly, he would not see her again, though this was no surprise, since staff turnover at the Fortress was quite high in those days.
The first thing he did upon officially entering the Fortress was to quietly unravel a few threads of his clothing before using fine wire to sew his Vision into the space between the layers of fabric.
He knew a thing or two about being homeless — certainly, that the biggest problem was never getting a hold of resources, but keeping them. People could not avoid sleeping, and occasionally being defenseless. The things you owned could be taken away with ease once you were asleep, and no one would call it a robbery.
And a Vision was no ordinary treasure. There were sure to be those who would be interested in it for various reasons, and Vision wielders were often magnets for ill-intentioned gazes.
In the days that followed, his suspicions would be verified, for in gossip alone he heard of two to three Vision thefts. As for what happened afterward and the fate of the victims, various inconsistent rumors existed that Wriothesley pretended to pay little mind to.
He still felt quite fortunate, of course, but it was hard to feel genuine happiness at staying safe off the backs of other peoples' tragic fates.
For a long time afterward, he would pretend that he had not been favored by the gods, and in truth, it was not hard — merely a return to his scrappy past. He could handle that much.
This persisted until a time when his age had nearly doubled, and he received an official invitation from the Palais Mermonia.
Common practice dictated that citizens who were to receive an honorary title must attend an investiture ceremony, and said ceremony was said to be far more involved for the granting of a title such as "Duke."
Wriothesley tactfully declined attending the ceremony on the grounds of his unique duties, expressing the desire to simply sign and take the relevant certificates. Quite un-Fontainian of him, really, to dislike the spotlight and prefer to just muddle along.
Many workdays and much correspondence later, the Palais finally agreed.
Before leaving the underwater stronghold, Wriothesley took his Vision up once more, for the first time in many years. Weighing it in his palm, he found it lighter than before, and smaller to boot. Finding a good spot on his clothes, he hung it there.
The first to comment on it was the Iudex, who was to bestow the title upon him. Neuvillette’s smile was suitably polite, but he somehow seemed more pleased than Wriothesley himself. "Congratulations," said the Iudex. "You have found something you wish to do at last, I see."
Wriothesley smiled back by way of reply, but made no further comment.
~~Wriothesley ends here~~