Yae Miko:
Character Stories:
Character Details:
The head shrine maiden of the Grand Narukami Shrine, descendant of Hakushin's lineage, Eternity's servant and friend, and the intimidating editor-in-chief of Yae Publishing House, a publisher of light novels...
Come to think of it, Yae Miko's nicknames are as myriad as her changeable moods.
The number of people who have tried to "figure her out" for various reasons could fill the streets from the Tenryou Commission estate to Yae Publishing House if you were to line them all up, but to this day, very few indeed have succeeded.
Not that Miko has ever intended to conceal anything, of course. Any capriciousness is but the result of doing as she wills and pleases. A riddle with no solution is no riddle at all, in any case!
You just need to remember that she will always be none other than the wise and beautiful Yae Miko.
Character Story 1:

Yae Publishing House's editors once submitted a certain manuscript to the editor-in-chief.
This work was well-written, clearly thought out, and the themes were romance with a side of comedy — a prime slice of the zeitgeist.
Such a gem would surely require but a thin coat of polish and a few beautiful illustrations to sell well!
But unexpectedly, Yae Miko did not seem pleased with this, instead heaving a deep sigh before calling for the various head editors.
One of them asked hesitantly, "Lady Yae, I... Well, I did ask him to write on this topic, yes, but isn't this the hot genre of the day?"
Faced with the editor's doubtful gaze, Miko gave her opinion forthrightly: that a book that should have been interesting yet was shackled at every turn by the topic was, simply put, "not free enough."
Things like "top sellers," "genre fiction," these were naught but fads that would come and go every decade.
Getting with the times was a shortcut, yes, but if a work had the quality that could surmount this tide, why go with the flow nonetheless?
"Pass this message to this new author of ours: tell him that there's no need to bother about genre. He just needs to write his story and write it well."
Upon hearing this, the author stopped writing for a time, as if suddenly having an epiphany. Several months later, a new manuscript was sent to Miko and her editors.
The latter were stunned, and even Yae Miko, who cared little about taboos, furrowed her brows slightly — a rare sight indeed.
"Um... What do we do? This isn't good..."
"Exactly! I mean, there's 'not being concerned about genre, and then there's something like 'Shogun Almighty: Reborn as Raiden'... This is just too much!"
"Hmm? Genre? No, no, there's no problem with that — it's his pen name I'm worried about. It's too normal for a book like this."
"Huh, so that was what you were concerned about... No, uh, never mind. As long as you're happy, Lady Yae."
Not long after, the author of this book would take to the literary stage with the Yae Miko-approved (and overly long) pen name "Kadenokouji Kenzaburou."
As to how the editor-in-chief got the idea to start a "Reborn as Guuji Yae" writing submission event, that would be a tale for another day.
Character Story 2:

If there was something inconvenient about being the Guuji, it is that she must attend every shrine ceremony, dressed up to the nines and in her proper place in the sanctuary.
The fireworks paint the night skies as they blossom, and the sounds of human merriment fill the shrine, and yet she must sit within, a solemn smile on her face...
Such tragedies are even more frightful to Miko than the possible wholesale disappearance of Fried Tofu from Teyvat.
With the somewhat longer span of years that the Electro Archon's servants have, a hundred years pass in the blink of an eye. As the years fly by, boredom becomes the greatest foe.
And if even she were, archon-forbid, one day to accept sitting quietly still, obstinate as deadwood, would the world now sorely lack for another clever person adept at discovering fun and grasping opportunity?
As such, looking for fun things to do in every nook and cranny can only be the most reasonable and necessary course.
And if she were to, say, utilize her authority as Guuji in making fun things happen — why, some things are unavoidable, are they not?
On the day of the festival, Guuji Yae would nod in satisfaction as she received a delivery of fireworks from the Yashiro Commission — of Naganohara construction and specially-made to boot.
That night's ceremony was, of course, performed with perfect respect to all etiquette and rites.
The sight of the "Lady Guuji" kneeling gracefully the whole night through would be the object of awe for all the other shrine maidens.
In the meantime, she would sit beneath the meteor shower of light adorning the skies, watching the festival-goers as they came and went.
And the din of the fireworks covered the mumbling that came between teeth chewing on a candy apple.
"You know, when you asked me to become Guuji, you never mentioned that I'd only ever be able to sneak outside to watch the festivities from then on."
Character Story 3:

Pursuing fun and finding happiness is how Miko lives her everyday life.
For someone who enjoys studying humanity like her, "perspectives" and "virtue" play distant second fiddles to "fun."
Even a great shrine maiden of a different faith or an enemy general might pique her interest.
...That said, this appreciation can sometimes lead to some innocuous trouble.
As opposed to those conscientious underlings or worshipful juniors, Miko's favorite person at the shrine is a shrine maiden named Kano Nana.
Yes, that Kano Nana, the novel enthusiast (just like Miko) who constantly frets over Sayu.
While laying about indoors, Miko would often see Sayu flash past the window, followed not long after by a hurried and angry Kano Nana.
Like lightning and thunder they were, which caught Miko's attention, to the point where she would even sometimes give wrong directions just to let the ruckus go on for a little longer.
There was another time when Sayu told Miko that the afternoon sun was the most pleasant after the latter had helped her steal some time for napping.
Perhaps encouraged by these words, Miko would transform into an ordinary Inazuman lady on a wonderfully sunny afternoon, descend from the mountain and have a day out.
The Aisa Bathhouse in the city, Hanamizaka's Kiminami Restaurant, Ogura Textiles and Kimonos by the streetside... she did not miss a single store, and every one was an enjoyable experience.
And in the evening, she was at Bantan Sango Detective Agency to tell them of a missing animals case that she had heard about on the way.
"But you really must help, good detectives. I mean, one can barely stand to watch those owners cry their eyes out as it is..."
Having done all this, the lady could not help but let slip a pleased smile.
Taking part in Inazuma's daily life in such an identity really was fun.
Well, except that part where Kujou Sara shot her a suspicious glance as they passed each other by.
Right, and also, she probably owed the boss of Aisa Bathhouse an apology — the outland-styled hot springs were indeed very good, but she might have accidentally shed some fox fur during the soak.
Character Story 4:

A long, long time ago, humanity did not need to use the phrase "a long, long time ago" to preface tales about youkai.
The tengu dominated the skies, the oni swept across the battlefield, the tanuki were seen along small paths, and the kitsune walked amongst humans.
Under the banner of Narukami, the incredible powers of the youkai host were used to help humans through an era of strife and poverty.
Seeking refuge in the mountains, they built a city by the sea, and so began Inazuma.
Amongst the youkai, the lineage of Hakushin Kitsune was the most revered, and it was this great line that left a great many tales amongst humans.
Whenever the youkai gathered to feast and sup together, a little braggadocio about how their latest exploits had become legend anew was very much a given.
Of course, considering the amount they would drink, most tales told afterward would diverge a little from the truth. But no one minded, asking only that the tale be interesting. As time passed, this became known as "hyakumonogatari daikai," or "the great meeting of a hundred tales."
It was no uncommon sight to see Urakusai raise his cup and speak, holding all the other youkai spellbound with his story, drawing even smiles from Kitsune Saiguu, the organizer of the event.
Instead it was Miko, who was then in the form of a young kitsune, who would perch on Kitsune Saiguu's shoulder and relentless peck at any loopholes in Urakusai's story.
Urakusai, being a cool-headed and brilliant gentleman, would explain as he twirled his beard.
But Miko could always find something new to nitpick, and so they would go, back and forth, until Lady Saiguu would smile and call both parties to a halt: the audience wanted to hear the next part, after all.
After another three rounds of drink and several more rounds of stories, the company would be hard-pressed to even string a sentence together, let alone a story.
And so the gathered youkai would dispense with the word-fencing and use their powers to take to the skies to see who could best cover the sky and moon with their powers.
And thus it was said that "a hundred youkai shall parade upon a moonless night."
Five hundred years on, that little kitsune has already become a mighty youkai in her own right.
As for the youkai who drank with them in those days, they disappeared amidst war and history, and their remaining bloodlines grow thinner by the day.
And thus did their great parade, the Hyakkiyakou, become something that happened "a long, long time ago."
Character Story 5:

The swords of Inazuma have always been famous the world over, and the best works of the Raiden Gokaden in particular are national treasures.
However, only a short time ago, more than half of the five artisan lineages were cut off.
A great number of powerful people were caught up in that conspiracy, and those responsible were all called to account and banished.
Even the Yashiro Commission's Kamisato Clan was implicated due to their failure in supervising their subordinates...
But before the Shogun could give her final judgment, the Lady Guuji, who usually did not meddle in government affairs, suddenly interceded, rescuing the Kamisato Clan in their hour of peril.
Thus, while they suffered a serious blow, they were spared from dismissal.
In the years that followed, others would speculate greatly concerning the Guuji's actions.
Some observed the close relations between the Yashiro Commission and the Grand Narukami Shrine, and guessed that she had intended to foster advocates loyal to her.
And yet the shrine had always been an entity unto itself, and the Lady Guuji did not usually meddle in governance. Thus this action seemed a sacrifice greater than the reward — hardly a wise decision.
Some others said that the Guuji suspected something to be wrong with the whole situation, and now that the list of those involved was so extensive, any major shakeup in the Yashiro Commission could destabilize Inazuma itself.
This thought, too, seemed reasonable on face, yet did not stand up to scrutiny. After all, was not the rise and fall of great houses merely ordinary in the grand scheme of mortal affairs? And even if the Kamisato were to fall from grace, new leadership for the Yashiro Commission would emerge.
Yet another story said that Miko engaged in secret talks with the Kamisato clan head just after the initial shockwaves had died down.
But the wounded clan was like a candle in the wind at this point. What power could they have to change the situation?
To this day, all these speculations have never amounted to anything, nor have any answers emerged concerning Miko's actions and motivations.
But what none know is how Miko's words that day would become as engraved into the Kamisato Clan as their house's crest.
"That the Kamisato Clan has survived this incident is only due to the Shogun's mercy. Do not forget this in the days that follow."
These words would serve as a seed of destiny, foreshadowing the Yashiro Commission's future position.
In some other time, if a storm were to descend upon Inazuma, and even if they were to come into conflict with the other two commissions, the Yashiro Commission's Kamisato Clan would remember the favor they were shown and abide the Shogun's path to Eternity.
This was a move that the Guuji played with no regrets whatsoever.
Fire-Soothing Festival Committee:

The Fire-Soothing Festival Committee was once an organization chaired by the Tenryou Commission and managed by the Grand Narukami Shrine, whose remit was to pray for a lack of any fires in the coming year.
In those days, Inazuman houses were mostly made of wood, and any carelessness while handling fire could lead to disaster.
Thus, the Tenryou Commission was charged by the Shogun with setting up fire brigades to conduct rescues and damage control when fires did break out, and they also requested that the Grand Narukami Shrine set the Fire-Soothing Festival Committee up to comfort the frightened people.
In later years, anti-fire precautions would become second nature and serious cases would no longer occur often, but still the annual festival would remain.
The shrine maidens would dance elegantly, and the people would give generously... with the proceeds split forty-sixty between the Commission and the Shrine.
When Yae Miko was faced with financial issues while attempting to start Yae Publishing House, she considered the various services that the shrine ran at the time before locking onto this ancient traditional committee.
"I mean, the busywork is solely done by the Grand Narukami Shrine, so why do we have to split the proceeds with the Tenryou Commission?"
"What's more, all that Mora's just going into Kujou Senior's pockets. It's not like the fire brigade has ever gotten a year-end bonus or anything."
As such, after some preparation, the Fire-Soothing Festival of that year would be changed to no longer feature dancing shrine maidens but a grand, rollicking light novel submission contest.
The organizing body for this competition and any subsequent publications, the "Yae Publishing House," would also "borrow" the Fire-Soothing Festival Committee's budget.
As for the profits? Into the shrine's coffers they went.
"Well, we no longer have many fires, and yet our budget keeps increasing. Thus, this restructuring relieves the financial burden placed upon the people."
"Also, the study of lore and the writing of literature and poetry is also a way of pleasing our Archon — surely you do not claim to know more of ritual and ceremony than I?"
That was what Yae Miko said most solemnly to Kujou Takayuki when he came by unannounced.
The Tenryou Commissioner was ultimately forced to leave the way he came, stormy-faced, along with his attendants.
Little did any of them know that the moment they stepped out of the shrine, the somber Lady Miko would pluck a novel manuscript from the nearby offering box and continue annotating it.
Vision:

"That was a contest of magic for the ages! The foe split the seas as they strode across the skies, heaven and earth changing hue as they approached!"
"Gohei in hand, the Lady Guuji was solemn as she strode up Mt. Yougou."
"All around her the shrine maidens chanted their mantras as the clouds masked the sun, the thunder waiting within for the moment to strike!"
"..."
"The battle was a grinding, protracted affair. In time, even the Guuji began to falter, and the enemy seized that opening, lashing out with great force!"
"Just then, a bolt of lightning descended like a falling star before the Guuji — a glimmering Vision!"
"Grasping it in her hand, the revivified Guuji showed forth her power and..."
"Now wait just a minute! None of what you just said happened, right?"
"Hmm? Well, how about this then? It all started the day when I had a most vicious "Ramen Duel" down in Hanamizaka...
"Oh, come on! Nobody's ever gotten a Vision from eating ramen!"
"But wouldn't that be interesting? I mean, these are the sorts of stories you like to hear, right?"
Yae Miko gave a thin, enigmatic smile as she was faced with the traveler's curiosity.
"After all, would you believe me if I said that 'my Vision is purely ornamental, just for show,' little one? Hardly — not even if it were the truth."
~~yae miko ends here~~
Yanfei:
Character Stories:
Character Details:
Liyue is a port that prizes contracts and trade, and it is a place where wealth accumulates.
Merchants from various nations are active here, which has contributed to Liyue's abundance, but has also brought up many disagreements. The Tianquan, Ningguang, has written a very comprehensive compendium of laws to deal with this, but not everyone has the patience to study them.
Thus was born the role of the legal adviser in Liyue society. Highly familiar with Liyue's laws, they help those in need to navigate any contradictions, earning recompense for their efforts.
Yanfei is the premier legal adviser in Liyue Harbor.
She is always able to obtain the most benefits for her clients, insofar as the law will allow. Some even call her "the law that walks."
But in truth, what Yanfei — one of the few half-illuminated-beasts who have yet to sign a contract with Rex Lapis — really wants to do is live a free and happy life.
As for the copy of "The General Law of Liyue" that she carries around on her person, Yanfei has this to say:
"If you don't wish to be bound by the rules, you have to first understand them all."
Character Story 1:

As the most sought-after legal adviser in Liyue Harbor, Yanfei's rates are also top-of-the-line.
Even so, she never lacks for people coming to seek appointments. After all, merchants are not stingy about mediation fees, but are very picky indeed about the mediator.
"Money is no object — we must have Yanfei come and settle this matter for us."
Many rate Yanfei in this fashion, not only for her quick-thinking or her masterful oratory, but also because she very greatly emphasizes the cornerstone of the law — "fairness."
Her mediations often end in win-win situations, and even merchants with daggers drawn will temporarily set their prejudices aside.
Though she is unbound by a contract, Yanfei has made her own contribution to the peace and prosperity of Liyue.
Character Story 2:

As a legal adviser, Yanfei does have her fair share of weaknesses. An example is the mediation of civil disputes that involve emotions and relationships.
Divorces, inheritances, custody disputes, senior care, severances... The list continues.
It is said that upright officials are hapless in household affairs, and so it also is with Yanfei, who grew up surrounded by love — these matters fall right into her blind corner.
Sometimes, she will find that both sides have reason on their side, and other times she will find them to both be unreasonable. Child custody disputes are the absolute worst, as no matter how she settles them, the settlement will have a great psychological impact on the innocent children. Even if Yanfei chooses to soldier on, she will only tire herself out.
"Hopefully, everyone can meet the right person and be spared this particular grief."
Character Story 3:

As a result of her greatly tolerant nature, Yanfei has a wide variety of personal relationships throughout Liyue.
There is no need to worry about rubbing a sore spot, and you'll be able to get along with her whether you're an avid conversationalist or not.
Of course, this is true as long as you don't attempt to debate with her or start a conversation about the legal profession... Yanfei in work mode is a completely different beast to deal with.
Additionally, Yanfei has cultivated the habit of being overly rigorous from her long years of studying the law. When chatting, Yanfei will vigorously eliminate any ambiguity or loopholes present in the discourse and can seem like a bit of a chatterbox. When she realizes this, Yanfei is wont to knock herself on the head with a book in irritation.
However, so long as she constantly bathes in a sea of legal literature, this habit will probably be quite hard to break.
Character Story 4:

When investigating the law, Yanfei's habit is to look past the cold letters of the law to perceive their point of origin.
As such, she is also something of a master of "reading comprehension" in her relationships.
Once, the Traveler met Yanfei by chance and said, "Huh. Didn't expect to see you here."
This should have been a line that one might hear just about anywhere, but it wound up holding a completely different meaning for Yanfei.
"Didn't expect to meet you here" implied that the Traveler had at least thought about a scenario in which they would meet. Then why the use of "didn't expect"? One could only postulate that the Traveler had some expectation of where she might appear, and that her current location was not such a place. But whence came the expectation? Could it be that the Traveler had always been paying attention to her in secret?
"Does this mean that the Traveler...?"
Yanfei tossed and turned in bed that night, unable to sleep.
Character Story 5:

Yanfei's most prized possession is the steelyard balance that her father gave her.
It is said that this balance was a treasure given by Rex Lapis that can be used to measure the value of all things. For convenience, Yanfei tends to use Mora to balance the scales, which is to say that she uses Mora to evaluate objects.
The prices of many objects have slowly changed over the years, but weighing an object with this balance only gives its value at the time Mora was created, leaving the rest to Yanfei to exercise her own wisdom and judgment.
Across the measurements of countless objects, Yanfei is able to see the changes in Liyue. Some objects that were once common have become vanishingly rare, and some exotic objects of the past have been rendered pedestrian today.
This steelyard balance reminds her that many things cannot be valued by the standards of the world.
Yanfei once tried to weigh the value of a Vision, but no matter how much Mora she added, the scales would not be balanced.
In frustration, she placed on the scale the box at her waist, which contained her heavy, handwritten legal notations. Only then did the weights at last even out.
Codex Finalem:

This is the most special of the many legal treatises that Yanfei collects.
As opposed to the codices that grow heavier and more complicated with time, this book is unbelievably light and thin.
After opening it and getting past the prologue, one will find naught but the most basic few principles of the law inscribed.
As Yanfei sees it, this is the final form of the law. In the far future, the law will have entered into the people's hearts. All people will be amiable, modest, and live happily in this world. The halls of judgment will lie empty and the mountains of legalese shall be caked in years of dust.
Though this may sound like something very far off, for someone like Yanfei, in whom flows the blood of an illuminated beast, living till that day is hardly a great accomplishment.
"Hmm, but if I think about it more deeply, I'd be out of a job then, wouldn't I?"
After encountering one of Xinyan's performances by chance, Yanfei was quite taken by this new wave of performance art.
That said, learning an instrument from scratch proved to be a bit difficult, so after consulting a great many resources, Yanfei came to what she considered to be a decent backup plan.
If such a day were to arrive, she would just become a rapper.
For someone who can recite tens of thousands of words' worth of Liyue law from front to back within an hour, speed at least should be no challenge.
Vision:

Yanfei's father is an illuminated beast, while her mother is an ordinary mortal merchant. Born into peaceful times, Yanfei did not sign a contract with Rex Lapis, but instead has one with her parents to "live happily."
As Liyue's leading legal exegete, she is no stranger to exploiting some existing loopholes in the law — at times for herself, and sometimes for others.
It has been made clear often enough that Yanfei is not a stickler for the rules and has no wish to be shackled by strictures.
Still, she contributes to the betterment of Liyue as she seeks her own pleasure, and will not use these loopholes for ill.
When making amendments to legal loopholes each year, Ningguang the Tianquan will often study Yanfei's doings, as if she were Liyue's unofficial legal troubleshooter.
In a sense, one could argue that Yanfei makes the laws better at the lowest possible price... This principle is also the reason why she has never been convicted of exploiting any such loopholes.
Yanfei believes in "no structure without laws," and what she wishes for is to "live as one pleases without overstepping."
Everyone in Liyue, adeptus or mortal, protects it in their own way.
That is why Yanfei possesses a Vision, one that is of equal weight to her principles.
~~yanfei ends here~~
Yaoyao:
Character Stories:
Character Details:
The adepti faithfully adhere to the contract that they have with Rex Lapis, and have thus defended Liyue for millennia.
When danger arises in Liyue, the adepti are sure to come forth, and they do show up from time to time when the land is at peace.
Sometimes, they do so to punish those who harbor evil in their hearts, and sometimes they intervene to save the imprisoned. And if they happen to meet someone with a destiny intertwined with that of the adepti way, they will take them as disciples and teach them their arts.
Amongst the adepti, Streetward Rambler is among those who interact more with mortals.
She has a great many disciples, the youngest of whom is named Yaoyao.
Yaoyao is both talented and inquisitive, and while she is still very young, thus limiting her ability to fully take in what she has been taught and causing no small amount of innocuous mistakes in the process, she will in time become a most knowledgeable girl.
She also possesses a gentle and caring nature, and she treats people with earnestness and generosity. Not only does her master favor her, but her senior disciple and other elders in her life, too, very much dote on her.
Most will never have the fortune to enter the adepti abodes in Jueyun Karst, but Yaoyao comes and goes between them both freely and often. Indeed, the love she receives from the adepti at her young age is quite an enviable matter.
Character Story 1:

As the people of Liyue Harbor see it, Madame Ping is often found with Yaoyao by her side, the two seeming the very image of a loving grandmother and granddaughter.
In truth, however, there is no blood relation between them, and Yaoyao is Madame Ping's — or should we say Streetward Rambler's — disciple.
When Yaoyao first became the adeptus' disciple, she was still too young to have learned to read and write, and so her master began by teaching her the etiquette of tomes of poetry on a daily basis.
As she grew, Streetward Rambler would gradually add the rites of the adepti, their methods of self-cultivation, and her own spear arts into Yaoyao's curriculum.
The voluminous nature of such teachings makes committing them to memory a challenge for Yaoyao, but her master does not overly fret about such things, for it is apparent to her that Yaoyao has indeed listened to those lessons.
While her spear's shaft is heavy and ill-aligned to a child's easy wielding, Yaoyao practices every day nonetheless.
And while books of poetry might be hard to memorize, she reads them daily nonetheless, to the point where she can expound on the relationship between full stomachs and righteousness in her sleep.
Having initially resolved to be a sterner taskmistress, Streetward Rambler was relieved to see Yaoyao's earnest attitude, and thus relaxed her requirements a little.
That Yaoyao genuinely treated her as her grandmother warmed the cockles of her heart greatly as well.
Indeed, despite being half the height of an adult, Yaoyao tended to Streetward Rambler's meals and fretted over her health when the hotter parts of the year give way to the cold, as if forgetting that headaches and fevers were not common problems for the adepti.
Indeed, Streetward Rambler came to feel as if she really had been blessed with a granddaughter, and from then on, she never said a strict word to the child ever again.
While she had not begun this relationship with any intention apart from taking a disciple, she now finds herself and Yaoyao inseparable. Which is alright, she supposes. Let the little one stay by her side for some time yet — she still has much to teach, after all.
Character Story 2:

This story begins well before Yaoyao was even born. Her parents, preferring life out in the mountain wilds, chose to move away from Liyue Harbor and search for a quiet place near Qingce Village to live, building their own abode and living life in relative seclusion.
There they lived in solitude by the mountains and waters, and their backyard had a small field in which they grew melons, fruits, and vegetables.
The closest settlement to them was Qingce Village, and when they lacked for any daily necessities, they would bring the fruits of their field to the village and trade for what they required.
This was the home to which Yaoyao was born.
Thus did she gain the birds, beasts, and fish for companions while she was still a babbling babe, and thus did she take her first tottering steps in the radish field behind her house.
Her gentle, pure soul was first cultivated in this quiet and cozy garden.
Later, she would catch the eye of an adeptus and be taken in as her disciple.
At first, her parents were not entirely willing to let their daughter live long-term in Liyue Harbor with said adeptus, for they feared that their innocent daughter, having long been used to life in the mountains, would find herself led astray by the bright lights of the big city.
But Streetward Rambler's counsel ultimately brought them round:
"Perhaps solitude in the mountains shall indeed keep one from mortal stain, but such lonesomeness may not be what Yaoyao desires for her future. Let her have the chance to see the myriad faces of the world for herself."
Only then did her parents give her into the care of the adeptus, and time has only demonstrated the wisdom of that choice.
In Liyue Harbor, Yaoyao would become a much more outgoing person with the help of her master and a host of good friends. But when the festive season comes along, she does take leave of her master to see her parents at home.
Indeed, if one desired a good teacher for one's child, could there be a more ideal pick than an adeptus?
Character Story 3:

Madame Ping's old acquaintances will sometimes drop by to visit her, and during such times, Yaoyao will accompany her master and her master's guests in roaming the city.
Having come from afar, these guests will often not only visit the stores and food stands, but also attend storytelling sessions or Liyue opera performances at Heyu Tea House.
Of course, being the large city that it is, Liyue Harbor has no lack of people who enjoy spending some downtime at the teahouse, including many outlanders who appreciate the cultures of other nations.
Once, three outlanders, first-time visitors to Liyue Harbor, sat at the table beside that of Yaoyao and company. Having heard an opera about the adepti of Liyue, they began to discuss that very topic over tea and snacks.
Unable to get a word in lengthwise in the conversation between her master and her guest, Yaoyao succumbed to boredom, listening in on the nearby chat while eating some treats.
The lady from Inazuma seemed to think that Liyue's adepti were not much different from the Guuji of the Grand Narukami Shrine, having charge over matters divine and literary alike.
The visitor from Fontaine was of an obdurate view that the adepti were in the employ of the state apparatus. Had he met Ganyu, the Qixing's secretary before? Or did that nation simply have a similar arrangement?
The adventurer from Mondstadt was for his part very taken with the legends of the adepti, for he had only heard the bards sing songs of the gods, but had never himself met one or any of their familiars.
Unable to resist, he asked the tea master if they had ever spoken to an adeptus, only to be disappointed by the reply:
"It is but a story, for we mortals do not daily dwell in Jueyun Karst, and few are the opportunities to meet the adepti."
Yaoyao, finding this statement to be incorrect, could not help but rebut thusly: "That's not true. The adepti are among us. I mean, Uncle Moon Carver just said that the story was very interesting."
For some reason she could not fathom, Madame Ping's guest stopped speaking altogether, and Madame Ping laughed, saying a few words to the tea master to change the topic.
Yaoyao, however, did not understand: Why did people find the adepti very distant from their daily lives? The adepti were amongst them — they just didn't readily reveal themselves, that's all.
Character Story 4:

Not all people can be accepted and taken as disciples by the adepti — only those whose destinies are entwined with these blessed beings may become privy to their arts and ways.
Yaoyao once asked her master: "Why do you say that our destinies are entwined? What does that mean?"
"It means that you and I have things in common that led to our meeting."
This answer, of course, was akin to some overarching axiom in a book, crushing much meaning into very few words, and has by no means been easy for Yaoyao to wrap her head around.
Yaoyao remembers that she had been playing in the mountains as usual when she first met her master.
At that time, she was still living with her parents, and when she went out to play, she would speak to the stones and the clouds about her feelings. In her eyes, the flowers, birds, fish, insects, and the mountains, rocks, and rivers were all her precious playmates.
That day, however, the stones and the clouds replied when she spoke, and thus overjoyed, she chatted with them throughout the entire day.
Then the adeptus recalled her mystical arts, and the illusory stones and clouds dissipated, revealing Streetward Rambler to Yaoyao in her true form — and yet, Yaoyao was not startled.
It is the adepti way to protect the world and the people who live in it, and the adepti of Liyue do not merely defend humanity, but cherish also the things of nature. All such things are bound within their own natural cycles, and so long as one acts in concert with these cycles, all things will grow in their time and will not encroach upon one another.
Yaoyao's treasuring of her playmates bore similarity indeed to the adepti and their care for all things, and it was this that drew Streetward Rambler's interest.
Shame, then, that Yaoyao could not for the life of her comprehend the complexities of her master's reply, and thus did she lay the question aside for the time being.
Character Story 5:

After following her master to live in Liyue Harbor, Yaoyao has packed her daily schedule to the very gills. Her mornings are for readings and lessons, afternoons are for spear training, and afterward, it is time for single-minded play!
Play, her master said, is not to be underestimated, and for a child like Yaoyao, learning and play are both right and proper things to do.
It has been during play time that she has encountered all manner of people, among them the captain of the Crux Fleet, the doctor at Bubu Pharmacy, and his little herb-gathering assistant. As such, she has been steadily gaining a larger pool of people to ask about anything she may encounter that she might not immediately understand.
She also loves to explore the harbor area: Granny Shan's toy stall, the establishment — that is to say, Wanmin Restaurant — run by her senior disciple's family, the dockyards... If it may be explored, she would love to explore it.
As such, she has seen many things that books cannot tell of, such as the sails of embarking ships rippling in the wind, or the full map of Liyue that may be found in Yujing Terrace — each one of these helps her perceive the vastness of the world around her.
Sometimes, her idea of play will take her alongside her master to visit the Jueyun adepti. There she has heard many an ancient tale, and there she has learned that the truth of the past is far more perilous than any tomes may tell.
Each day, she learns a little something more, and each day, things change all around her — nothing remains quite the same as it once was in life.
This is her favorite thing about Liyue Harbor.
Life here is like a long river, constantly moving forward at a great pace.
By contrast, the days she spent with her parents are like a peaceful, quiet stream. The stream is wonderful, of course, and its gentle tread and slow rhythm has given her a great many warm memories.
The great river is also good. She will take up its unceasing drive and work hard to become an adult who both her master and parents can be proud of.
And so wishing, she grows expectant, wishing to grow up.
Yuegui:

Streetward Rambler has acquaintances all across Liyue, and even early on, she had paid many of them a visit, saying that her newest disciple's training was not quite complete yet, and asking them to take care of the young girl should they encounter her.
Her original intention was simply to introduce her student and ask that they help teach Yaoyao further, that her eventual learning might increase.
Yaoyao's clever and caring manner, however, proved more lovable than Streetward Rambler had expected, and Cloud Retainer would take the request to heart.
Before either master or pupil had realized it, Cloud Retainer had already completed the creation of a wondrous machine rabbit.
"Well then, Yaoyao, one purposes to give this to you. Should you encounter any danger, call upon it, and it shall answer."
Yaoyao was very taken with this cute rabbit, naming it Yuegui and taking it everywhere with her.
Having given this gift, Cloud Retainer would seek out the little girl's master to say, and not without pride, that:
"One should inform you first that this device has another function. Should you ever be unable to find Yaoyao, you need only call out, 'Yuegui!', and her location shall be made known to you."
"Nonetheless, one counsels you not to overuse this feature, for when the child grows older, she will desire her own privacy, and may yet take umbrage to your constant calling upon her. Now, take one's loose relationship with one's pupil Shenhe for example..."
"Oh, not to worry. I understand, Cloud Retainer."
"And it is good that you do. In any case, Yuegui shall alert us if anyone should try to do her ill without our knowledge — any such churls shall soon need all the luck they can get."
Vision:

"Why did I receive a Vision?"
This question troubled Yaoyao quite a bit in the days that directly followed her receiving one.
Did the gods want to reward her for the good deeds she had done? Or was this because she had been a good and respectful pupil?
Speaking of which, her senior Xiangling and Aunty Cloud Retainer's student Shenhe both had Visions as well. So, was this because the gods recognized the adepti, and so they would, as a matter of course, also extend this acknowledgment to an adeptus' students?
But on further consideration, none of these guesses really made much sense.
It was with a sigh that Yaoyao found herself sitting on the slopes behind Liyue Harbor, hugging a dog that had followed her up the incline.
This was hardly the first thing she had found incomprehensible since leaving her parents' side, and she had, by and large, decided that her doubts were unavoidable, and could wait till she got older, for surely they might clear up by then!
But since she now had a Vision, an item that represented divine acknowledgment, she could not betray such hopes.
As a disciple of her master, she would follow her example and protect the people. This meant that she would not only have to care for her master and senior disciple, but also extend care to her family and friends, and extend universal love to all people. Ah, she still had such a long way to go. Nothing for it, then — she'd hang on for a bit longer during spear practice tomorrow, and write one extra page into her calligraphy copybook too.
~~yaoyao ends here~~
Yelan:
Character Stories:
Character Details:
Liyue's Ministry of Civil Affairs is an organization marked by transparency — from ordinary staff members of the Eight Trades to prominent officials of Yujing Terrace, every employee has their basic information documented in the Ministry's lists.
Yelan, despite claiming to work for the Ministry, is the sole exception. Most of her colleagues have never heard of her, nor is her name anywhere to be found on any rosters.
This does say something about her character — elusive, enigmatic, and erratic.
She is a ghost who walks in the middle of many crises under various names. But before the storms can come to an end, she has already disappeared without a trace.
Sometimes, she will pick a side in some conflict to offer her help, but those who receive her aid would be fools to celebrate prematurely, for they soon find that the same help has been extended to their opponents.
Having stepped into her trap, many have vowed to take revenge, yet none are able to tell what she is planning, let alone know where she stands.
Many believe that she is a spy who works for some mysterious organization, and that her forte is stirring things up in the dark, which she then relies on to attain what she wants.
Some even go as far as saying that she is a frenetic follower of disorder who neither serves any organization nor holds any meaningful purposes.
Even if she does, all she wants is to add fuel to the already spreading flame and drag everyone down into a world of madness created by her.
With so many theories and guesses circulating, she has become a mystery. As for the truth, you could only hope to get an answer from Yelan herself.
But unfortunately, this is no easy task either — for it is always she who finds you when she wishes to, not the other way around.
Character Story 1:

Pharmacies in Liyue Harbor occasionally receive curious patients.
On some days, it might be a Sumeru mercenary, on other days, a Fontaine adventurer, and there might even be some Mondstadt fisher who accidentally fell into water and bumped her head against a rock...
These people are of different ages, statuses, and origins, but there is something equally peculiar to them, that is, they all share a slight addiction to pain.
They like the stinging sensation when pharmacists apply herbal remedies to their wounds and enjoy the dull pain caused by pressure on their bruises.
They even seem to care little if anesthetic is used or not when they are put through painful therapies.
Surprised by their extraordinary endurance, novice pharmacists are sufficiently distracted, such that they fail to notice that all their patients are actually the same person.
They are, all of them, Yelan in disguise. A master in this art, she always manages to avoid attention.
As for the wounds on her person, these are the inevitable result of her constant exposure to danger from mission to mission.
Despite the curious job, Yelan herself is not very curious about the world.
She eats, sleeps, and lives just like everyone else, but few things can really pique her interest.
She is well-read, but she is no avid reader. She always knows what to say to achieve the best result, yet she takes no pleasure in playing mind games.
She travels far and roams the lands, yet the traveling and roaming are bland to her.
In Yelan's eyes, these things are not hobbies, but a means to an end.
She even prefers to roll the dice to decide how she will pass the time.
Just as someone who is so used to spicy food might lose the ability to enjoy ordinary dishes, Yelan finds that only spicy cuisine can bring her satisfaction.
"Blandness is synonymous with blindness, while thrills afford clarity."
Acting upon said philosophy, she chooses an acute style of life, venturing into many places while hiding in the shadows.
She dances with danger, secrets, and a strong sense of achievement — these are the vivid proof of her existence.
Character Story 2:

Shorn of her masks, Yelan is a special intelligence officer who reports directly to the Tianquan Ningguang.
The title itself is not entirely accurate, for it only covers the scope of her work but not her relationship with the Tianquan.
Deep in her heart, Yelan does not think of herself as anyone's subordinate. The way she sees it, she is not so much working for Ningguang as making good on her end of the deal, or rather... she is honoring a certain pact.
She plucks the fruits of intelligence from the tree of danger for Ningguang, and in return, all she asks for is danger itself and the sense of achievement.
None know when their collaboration began.
The only thing certain is that Yelan has long made her presence felt in lands outside Liyue.
From other nations in Teyvat to even the perilous Abyss...
Every secret and perilous demesne shall become a garden where orchids bloom.
Stealthily she roams the night, stars shining upon her in the skies.
Character Story 3:

Yelan spends much of her time patrolling and roaming The Chasm, where she often stares into the darkness deep below.
Her family's history dates far back into an ancient age, and her ancestors once fought in The Chasm against a great cataclysm.
Wanton death was dealt during that battle, and even a yaksha met their end there. Only a few survived the grueling bloodshed.
One of her ancestors died, while the other went insane, constituting a huge blow to her family.
Yelan has always wanted to find out what happened back then. Despite her better judgment, she can't help feeling attracted to The Chasm.
It almost feels like something that runs in her blood — something inexplicably ominous — has been summoning her to The Chasm.
Perhaps she will plunge into that darkness one day, and the ill fate that once befell her ancestors shall find her too.
The ominous calling that runs in the family shuts down her fear and turns on her craving for danger. This may be the reason for the peculiarities in her character, Yelan presumed.
She had never doubted it until she came of age, until the seal on The Chasm was lifted.
With the help of her companions, she unveiled the hidden past of her ancestors.
That moment marked a new chapter in her life:
In the past, she was a wild beast driven by pure instinct. Drawn to danger, she walked into darkness.
From that moment on, she has found the true meaning of her instinct.
That which hides inside her, that constant calling, is not only a source of worry but also a light of guidance.
It is the blood of heroes which has been howling for 500 years.
She has no fear, for the courage within her makes her strong. She craves danger, for the heir of heroes is meant for a great adventure.
Some day, she will embark on the path her ancestors once took.
She is the descendant of heroes, and she shall become the hero for many who will come after her.
Character Story 4:

The Ministry of Civil Affairs has a Special Attention List.
The list isn't long, but everyone on it is truly extraordinary:
For instance, the unbound and forthright leader of the armed fleet and the capable outland traveler with a broad range of skills.
The list even includes some reclusive adepti in Liyue whose names still bear great weight today...
These people could easily bring storms upon Liyue, their intentions notwithstanding.
As such, the Ministry of Civil Affairs, ever on guard against risk, still watches them closely.
On top of that, there is also a more classified Secret Intelligence List.
Those on it are the real threats to Liyue.
So who are they exactly?
The Fatui Harbingers? Figures from the Abyss Order?
Or perhaps, are even the names of gods listed there?
Other than the Qixing, Yelan is likely to be the only one who can answer these questions, for she is the very person who compiled the two lists.
The results of such work please her greatly, and day after day, she perfects the lists, as crows embellishing their nests with shining trinkets.
That said, while both are equally obsessed with collecting, Yelan must sweat and even bleed to secure what she is after, while crows need only flap their wings to achieve their aim.
Fortunately, this does not bother her at all, for she believes that the intelligence is worth whatever cost she is going to pay.
One day, the information will come in handy — Liyue will never plunge into disaster without any clue of the danger like it once did 500 years ago.
She will see to it that Liyue is not caught unprepared.
Character Story 5:

Don't play dice at Yanshang Teahouse.
If you can't help yourself, play with someone you know.
If a lady whom you've never seen before invites you to a game, just ignore her.
Heed this earnest advice from veteran gamblers.
Do not try your luck with that terrifying woman unless you want to have a gloomy day.
The invincible lady of Yanshang Teahouse is none other than Yelan herself, and one of her guises is that of the owner of this teahouse.
A while ago when she came back from abroad, Liyue had just weathered the Osial crisis, and the Fatui who had occupied Yanshang Teahouse were now largely out of the game.
Yelan seized the opportunity to take it over, turning the teahouse into a secret base.
On the one hand, with people from all walks of life to be found here, the teahouse serves as an ideal source of intel. On the other hand, as Yelan has no issue with occasionally giving herself a break, she will pretend to be a regular customer, drinking some tea and playing a few rounds of some game.
Every round of finger-guessing is a tiny adventure, and every roll of dice sends sporadic thrills down her spine. Even the smallest challenge is something she can never get enough of.
As an intelligence operative, Yelan takes pride in her skills — she is confident that she can read her opponents' eyes and roll the dice such that they fall outside the rules but well within her designs.
If there is a draw, that could only mean one thing: Her opponents are cheating too.
Don't try to reason with her. The very concept of "reasoning" is simply foreign to the Yanshang Teahouse, nor does it exist in Yelan's vocabulary.
Be good and choose between the pain of losing and the disgrace of cheating.
You want to have neither, huh? Then why don't you turn the clock back to the very beginning?
Don't play dice at Yanshang Teahouse!
The Fascinating Bracelet and the Whitesilk Mantle:

Throughout Yelan's intelligence career so far, there has been one memorable operation that fuses both failure and success together.
One could say that it was a failure because she lost a family heirloom named the "Fascinating Bracelet" during that operation.
The inside of the jade bracelet is engraved with a spell passed through her line that turns the heirloom into a simple communication device. However, the spell requires a pair of such vessels to work. Now that only one bracelet is left, it is no more than a mere accessory.
However, the operation also proved a success for Yelan because her enemy did not get the upper hand, either. And this enemy of hers was no ordinary character — it was none other than "Regrator," Ninth of the Fatui Harbingers.
Yelan infiltrated a secret trade route that was run by Regrator behind the scenes, intercepting the goods and picking the most precious one of them as compensation for her bracelet.
Now, there once existed a strange mystical beast in times of old. A robe made from its fur would be worth a fortune, and due to its rarity, such a robe is exceptionally hard to procure.
In fact, the beast is so powerful that although it died centuries ago, its body remains intact today, and its fur still emits a mysterious fragrance.
Regrator had intended it as an offer to the Tsaritsa, yet Yelan unexpectedly intercepted it.
Not only that, she also rejected the style that Snezhnayans had chosen for their Tsaritsa — she yanked the fur off, combined it with Liyue's Ramie yarn, and made a rather fashionable sleeved mantle for herself.
This series of happenings could be seen as significant or insignificant — depending on one's perspective. Ultimately, it all boils down to three words: gains and losses.
The cycle of gaining and losing is a rather accurate summary of Yelan's life.
None of that really bothers her though. Instead, she takes immense pleasure from it.
Vision:

Yelan wasn't always on her own. Many years ago, she once had a team who watched each others' backs.
There were a small group of people who for various reasons chose to tread a path in the dark with her.
But back then, Yelan had not yet realized that her clever tricks and ingenious traps, the skills that she took pride in, could not solve everything for her.
Enemies with a strong sense of self-control would not bite her bait, opponents with cunning and calculating minds would not fall for her schemes, and those with overwhelming power would simply strong-arm their way out of her traps.
Therefore, Yelan and her team paid the price — one by one, they perished along the way, though they had long foreseen and prepared themselves for such a fate...
Still, after a mission to investigate the Abyss, Yelan eventually found herself left alone. For the first time in her life, she stopped, for a long, long time.
This state of affairs persisted until one day, when Ningguang visited her in her wood hut personally.
"You haven't been back to Liyue Harbor for a while. Something must've happened. I can understand if you want to quit."
Ningguang stood outside the door, with a serious look on her face but her voice still casual and relaxed.
"But it's alright. I work with those I trust, and I trust those I work with. I'm willing to believe that you're here trying to find a way out. All postures, aggressive or defensive, are all means to an end, anyway."
There was no response, but only a suffocating silence. A long time passed before Ningguang finally heard an answer from behind her:
"We both made a mistake: We shouldn't have involved ordinary folk in what we do."
"Ordinary folk?"
Even as Ningguang was formulating thoughts, a flash of blue shot towards her, stopping as it passed her by.
In a display of great control from the archer, the arrow quickly shattered into pearls of water and broke into glistening shards of light before touching the ground.
Ningguang turned around and saw Yelan walking up, a bow in hand, blood dripping down from her fingertips.
One could only imagine the days and nights of grueling training in archery Yelan had gone through for all her fingers to bleed.
Knowing Yelan well, Ningguang also understood that she must have been through an uncommonly tough situation. Only that could explain Yelan's uncommon determination to lock herself up for this grueling re-training.
Yelan aimed at the mountain in the distance, a gesture that was also an answer to Ningguang.
She released the arrow. Like lightning it shot into the skies, piercing through clouds with might that could shatter the dome of heaven itself. As if responding to the call of an unknown power, waters in the mountains growled and howled, then swirled their way upward in the form of countless arrows.
When they met halfway in the sky, they exploded into a curtain of water, bringing down a squalling shower like those that adorned summer nights.
As the sky cleared, there was no rainbow, no butterflies to be seen, only a faint pillar of light that fell into Yelan's palm.
According to Ningguang, the Vision carries a message: "From today onward, leave all matters to the extraordinary Yelan."
~~yelan ends here~~
Yoimiya:
Character Stories:
Character Details:
Yoimiya's name is renowned throughout Hanamizaka.
She is the most skilled pyrotechnician in Inazuma and is known as the "Queen of the Summer Festival."
Yoimiya, who has inherited the mantle of "Naganohara", is able to give people an unparalleled experience with her ever-changing and spectacular fireworks.
In addition to being a craftsperson, she is also the "heroic sister" in the eyes of many children. No matter how big the problem is, Yoimiya always has a solution to save the day.
Be it the illusions of fear or the shadows of cold reality, they will all dissipate under the starlight magic of Yoimiya's fireworks.
The children are not the only ones she helps — as long as one is willing to talk to her about their troubles, she will lend a helping hand, and try her best to help them through the crisis.
Splendid fireworks, warm starlight and passionate lights all join in a swirling dance in Yoimiya's hands. Her bright smile is always able to inspire fellow travelers and light up the way for them.
Character Story 1:

To Inazumans, fireworks symbolize summer.
The various festivals that take place at fixed times feature a rotation of various events, with fireworks being the sole constant.
Over a century ago, the Yashiro Commission once organized a dazzling fireworks display with "commemoration" as the theme.
The fireworks then were made by the greatest pyrotechnicians in the land, and this was the origin of the Naganohara Fireworks Show.
In latter days, fireworks would become more common, and the Naganohara Fireworks Show would slowly become an event in which all people would participate.
During the Fireworks Show, everyone can light their favorite fireworks, and the owner of the Naganohara Fireworks store will pick an appropriate time to set up a most lavish performance.
The year Yoimiya took over, her first fiesta was already jaw-droppingly good.
On the night before that Fireworks Show, Kamisato Ayaka enjoined Yoimiya thusly: "Her Excellency will be watching this fireworks display personally. As such, please add Her Excellency's emblem — the Electro Mitsudomoe — into the fireworks repertoire, if you would."
"Haha, just wait for it!" Yoimiya replied, agreeing with great confidence.
Before the show could begin, Yoimiya ran all about the city, placing thousands of launch tubes in every nook and cranny. At the festival's finale, the blazing fireworks formed a gigantic picture scroll that depicted the city of Inazuma in the skies.
Yet Ayaka did not find the critical emblem in any one of these fireworks, and wondered if Yoimiya had made an error in her arrangements.
It was only after speaking with Yoimiya that Ayaka discovered that the image of Inazuma in the skies had an "angling" trick added to it.
If viewed from the Tenshukaku, the fireworks would form a huge, clear, and orderly image of the Raiden Shogun's house-crest — with some playfully lacy decorations on the side to boot.
Of course, how could Yoimiya miss a beat at a fireworks performance? This way, she won the praise of both the people and the Raiden Shogun, and this feast would become a timeless classic deeply rooted in the memories of countless people.
With Yoimiya around, the Inazuman summer shall not lack any glorious fireworks — thus was her nickname, "Queen of the Summer Festival," coined.
Character Story 2:

Naganohara's fireworks are loved by all, and work in the shop is always in full swing. As such, people often feel that coming up to the door without important matters might hinder the work.
However, it's just the opposite with Yoimiya, for chatting is her other great hobby. In fact, if there's no one to talk to, she might actually find it hard to focus.
If chatting with the guest is her way of "understanding their mood and way of thinking, such that the best fireworks can be crafted," then going with the flow and sitting down for tea and an idle chat with them after delivering the goods is how Yoimiya rewards herself. Sometimes, if that is not enough, she will make some small-talk with her neighbors on the way, give them some small trinkets, and receive a basket of small treats in return...
Yoimiya is always able to strike a balance between listening and speaking in such chats.
She doesn't repeat herself, doesn't cross boundaries, doesn't come off as indifferent or overly invested. After a talk over tea, everyone leaves in a good mood.
Her neighbors are all ordinary folk, and their lives are not exactly full of extraordinary things. Sometimes, the same news will be told by different people over and over, but Yoimiya does not find this upsetting.
What she enjoys is the process of talking to others — even if they speak of the same matter, different people will have different viewpoints.
After taking over the fireworks shop, Yoimiya's relationships with her neighbors became still more harmonious. Many old folks have taken her for an old acquaintance, and often invite her to their place to sit and recount the festivals of yesteryear. Middle-aged parents will ask Yoimiya to mediate the relationship between themselves and their children and will regale her with the little trivialities of daily family life. The young people treat Yoimiya as a sibling of sorts, volunteering to help her cart heavy fireworks-making materials around, hoping that Yoimiya will get off work faster and take the children out to play.
Yoimiya puts it this way: "I believe in the unique power of language. There's nothing that can't be talked through somehow!"
Character Story 3:

Craftsmen seeking perfection are often rigorous and self-disciplined, but Yoimiya is an exception, acting freely and taking unscheduled breaks.
Sometimes, she even has to work late into the night when she misses her daytime work due to chatting for too long. But when the sun begins to rise, she will climb up to the heights to see the sunrise with a sense of accomplishment at having finished her work in her heart. Looking out at the hazy amber-gold clouds, Yoimiya often gains new inspiration, imagining all manners of new fireworks in her mind, even as sleep draws near...
Her neighbors have often found her sleeping in places like eaves, tree branches, and stopped waterwheels. Sometimes, she even falls down, before blearily watching her sweet dreams and golden stars fade away into the distance.
Fortunately, she has never been seriously injured in such incidents, but she has gotten a number of scrapes and cuts, and it was on that account that she learned how to deal with wounds.
At some other times, Yoimiya will sleep until midnight, settling all matters with gusto before heading out for a stroll.
Perhaps it may turn out to be an impromptu adventure, or perhaps a test of courage. If a friend is interested, she might call upon them. If she wishes to be alone, she will travel in solitude.
Living as she pleases gives Yoimiya a sense of freedom. As for others, they may encounter her at any time at all. She enjoys this freedom, often saying that it has made her life very interesting indeed.
Of course, she will restrain herself on the eve of celebrations. Mistakes shall not be made during these all-important performances — her "official business."
Character Story 4:

Apart from selling fireworks, Naganohara Fireworks also sells various intricate knickknacks. This can be said to be Yoimiya's second career.
All manner of trinkets adorn the shelves, with some of them being exotic imports from Beidou that were modified and made into highly distinctive handicrafts, and others being practice works created during bursts of Yoimiya's explosive inspiration.
From the Scatterbloom Marbles that will blossom when they knock against each other, Leaping Tops that chirp like birds as they spin, the Neon Dragonfly that changes hue as it ascends into the air, and the somewhat-failed Onikabuto Chariot... All these toys are inspired by the little games that the common people play.
They are not only popular among the children, but are much-loved by adults as well. Even Arataki Itto, the head of the Arataki Gang, comes over to buy her specially-made knickknacks, which he then brings to go challenge the one he has declared his nemesis.
Yoimiya's knickknacks are not just toys. With some thought, they can be very useful in one's daily life. The most classic example of this is the Katydid Coil, which is a ring that can contain a variety of flammables and spices. When ignited and hung up in the summer, it can be used to repel mosquitoes.
Many people have come to ask Yoimiya for help on account of her excellent craftsmanship. And though she protests, saying, "Hey now, this is a fireworks shop, not an everything shop. Even I can't possibly do it all," she will still try her best to help, even if her earnings for the whole day are only enough to buy a few snacks. She'll enjoy the whole thing, too — everyone in Hanamizaka is her friend, after all.
Character Story 5:

"The rainbows become fireworks, and they my wishes know, my wishes rise into the skies, and through the night they show."
This nameless folksong has been around for a long time now. In recent years, it was misconstrued by the children to mean that as long as they brought some shiny trinkets, they could exchange them with Yoimiya for fireworks that belong just to them, and that if they lit those fireworks up, their wish will come true at some point in the future.
As such, the children of Hanamizaka set about searching for beautiful little trinkets with this song on their lips, before bringing them to Yoimiya, with expectation eagarly written on their faces.
Yoimiya was quite troubled by this at first, but after hearing how the children had interpreted that song, she accepted their requests gladly and even added her own spin to the tale: the "rainbows" in the song not only refer to shiny treasures persay. As long as she found them "sufficiently shiny," whether they were colored rocks from the creeks or shell fragments from the beaches, she would take them and make lovely fireworks as per the agreement.
Indeed, if they were to bring her expensive things, she might, in turn, say that they are too ordinary, and take the child to look for the owner of those lost goods.
But it really did not matter if the treasures were shiny or not. The important part was the conviction the children had that "rainbows" could indeed be exchanged for "fireworks."
Though some might take it for naivete, Yoimiya will give her all to protect the lovely wishes that only children can have.
"The things we believed in and experienced as children become irreplaceable treasures."
The legendary picture books of Inazuma are often filled with the following images: the cute and playful Great Mujina Youkai, the majestic Shiba Warrior, the Origami Nue who appears out of nowhere...
Perhaps those who drew demons in such cute forms also had a similar intention to Yoimiya.
The children gather around Yoimiya, enjoying a gladsome time even amidst Inazuma's lockdown.
Yoimiya's own child-like heart and liveliness never dulls, like fireworks and stars that shimmer and shine in the night sky.
Yoimiya's Candy Box: "Sweet Pearl":

Every festival, Yoimiya not only tries snacks from every store, but she also collects all sorts of candies, wraps them up with care, before storing them away inside a small candy box.
Yoimiya's candy box is a small crimson ball that has been decorated with delicate lanyards and ornate accessories, much like the hair accessories she often wears.
Each time she encounters a joyous event, she will take one candy out of the box and eat it. If her friends or the children are around, she will share the sweets with them.
Yoimiya's neighbors often mistake her hair ornaments for the candy box, hence its erroneous nickname "Sweet Pearl."
The speed at which the box lightens is taken for an important measure of happiness.
The quicker it empties, the more pleased Yoimiya is.
Sometimes, when things get busy, she sometimes absently uses the candy box as a hair accessory, realizing her mistake only after the day is done.
Still, even this error would inspire Yoimiya. From then on, she would wear them interchangeably.
"Take a guess: does my hair ornament have candy in it today? Free pick of the sweets to anyone who gets it right!"
Vision:

Yoimiya is always up for a chat. It is only when the fireworks are ascending into the skies that she quiets down and just watches the lovely scenery.
People often say that fireworks come and go in a fleeting heartbeat, but if they are memorable enough, they will remain in bloom forever in people's hearts.
Those who accompanied you and the loveliness of the moment itself, will burrow deep into your mind as a beautiful memory.
And as you look upon the same fireworks, many years later, that same memory and the feelings that came with it will surely rise again to the forefront of your heart.
Is this not also "Eternity"?
The special firework formula slips that belong solely to the Naganohara family exist for precisely this purpose.
By incorporating goodwill and wishes into the gorgeous fireworks, ephemeral things are etched into eternity. This is the meaning of Yoimiya's line of work.
On one summer night following her taking over Naganohara Fireworks, Yoimiya could not sleep, and thus she continued in her research till daylight came.
Suddenly, she heard a tinkling sound, and a burning-red object fell into an unused launching tube.
At first, Yoimiya used her Vision as a sort of lighter. Fortunately, her father discovered it and explained a Vision's significance to her.
So, this tiny gem could grant a person astonishing and mysterious powers. And yet what else could it do other than protect the children or chase some mischievous monsters away?
"Even if it could have other uses," Yoimiya thought, "it may not ever need to do these things in my hands. I'm just someone who pursues happiness, a fireworks-maker who enjoys living life."
Time has flown since then, and Yoimiya has grown ever more skilled in the manipulation of "fire," with her skill at making fireworks having likewise increased.
Sometimes, she stops to ask herself this: "How did someone as ordinary as me receive the acknowledgment of the gods? Do the gods... enjoy fireworks, by any chance?"
~~yoimiya ends here~~
Yumemizuki Mizuki:
Character Stories:
Character Details:
Mention the Aisa Bathhouse, and for most Inazumans, the first thing that springs to mind are its artificial hot springs — inspired by those present in Natlan, kitted out with imported facilities, and hailed as a "go-to destination for relaxation."
The bathhouse has recently undergone a major renovation, now offering "psychotherapy" services that have quickly won it widespread acclaim.
Enter Yumemizuki Mizuki, a clinical psychologist who, after having only recently returned to Inazuma, has quickly taken center stage. Known for her holistic approach, she utilizes a combination of the hot springs' warm and soothing waters, serene fragrances, and her own miraculous youkai powers to expel the deep-seated unease troubling her patients.
Word gradually got out that this woman — or rather, yumekui-baku in a woman's form — was actually the Aisa Bathhouse's major shareholder; not only the core founding investor, but also the decision-maker behind its recent renovation.
Yet she was nothing like your typical behind-the-scenes investor, instead showing both the professionalism of a doctor and the forbearing dedication of an ordinary employee. Immersed in her frontline duties, she meticulously consulted with every patient, diagnosing, prescribing, then administering treatments with pinpoint precision and cool-headed composure.
In this way, Mizuki rapidly made quite a name for herself among those tormented by persistent nightmares.
The elderly, perhaps, might remember hearing bedtime stories about yumekui-baku in their childhood — and among them, funnily enough, the name of Yumemizuki Mizuki in particular would no doubt ring a bell.
Mizuki's peaceful and carefree demeanor, however, make it somewhat difficult for people to associate her with the youkai of those fading legends.
But the Aisa Bathhouse is only the first step in Mizuki's grand plan. Although progress has been slow, her vision is to eventually expand into a fully-fledged conglomerate, offering the people of Inazuma both comprehensive entertainment and improved mental well-being.
To this end, she continues to explore methods that go beyond simply relying upon her youkai powers — everything from mind-calming exercises to invigorating amusement parks, structured dietary plans, and even traditional games to bring joy and laughter to her patients once more.
Knowing little about Mizuki, employees who catch a glimpse of her busy schedule can't help but feel worried for her. Might their boss, clearly far more overworked than any of them, be weighed down by hidden fatigue and anxiety too?
Character Story 1:

Though it would be unfair to say that the yumekui-baku were entirely unheard of, yet compared to the likes of the kitsune — almost ubiquitous in lore and legend — or the gallant tengu, or the fearsome and awe-inspiring oni, they had never been of any particular renown.
At the great gathering known as the "Hyakumonogatari Taikai," the baku were little more than bit-part characters. Some would sit there in a quiet corner sipping away at their tea, while others could be found alongside fellow lesser youkai, listening respectfully to the lofty rhetoric and grandiose tales of the great and mighty. Others still might act as attendants, pouring tea and sake for refined individuals like Urakusai.
For the young baku Yumemizuki Mizuki, the sole pleasure of attending those banquets back then lay in marveling at how her friend, the young kitsune Yae Miko, dazzled others with her sharp wit and ingenuity.
Watching Miko debating tirelessly with Urakusai, curled up on the shoulder of the older Kitsune Saiguu, Mizuki always ended up munching through several times her usual share of snacks. Delighting in the way she dissected her opponent's arguments, Mizuki often nodded in admiration at her friend's quick thinking, even memorizing her brilliant retorts word-for-word.
The next morning, catching sight of a yawning Miko, Mizuki would eagerly approach her with a bowl of freshly-fried tofu, ready to resume their conversation from the night before.
Mizuki's near-fawning enthusiasm sometimes caught Miko quite off guard. On such occasions, she would elegantly cover her face with a flick of her fluffy tail, then quickly change the subject by saying, "Let's go grab some ramen."
Whether nose-to-bowl in front of Master Karasu's ramen stall, perched up high atop the sturdiest sakura branch on the southern slopes of Mt. Yougou, or lounging on beaches bathed in the setting sun's glow, the young kitsune and the little baku were inseparable, chatting away about everything and anything.
Even the untold secrets of their deepest dreams became treasures that they shared with one another.
But as the successor to Hakushin Kitsune's bloodline, the duties that awaited Miko, and the responsibilities that growing up entailed for her, were a heavy load to bear indeed.
When Miko, then Mizuki in turn, acquired the power to take humanoid form, the two of them were swept apart by the currents of life — just like humans — each carried off to different waters of the world.
Under Kitsune Saiguu's tutelage, Miko went on to fathom profound mysteries of youkai magic, and, surrounded by the maidens of the Grand Narukami Shrine, mastered the 880 precepts of the Guuji. As the Hakushin bloodline's rising star, Miko moved through the ranks of the big, the bad, the great, and the good, solidifying her kin's standing in the world of the youkai.
Her world was like the vast sea they once gazed at together — tumultuous and ever-changing, filled with all sorts of dangers and challenges, but brimming with endless possibilities too.
Mizuki, meanwhile, slipped into an altogether quieter life. Much of her time she spent farming or weaving with her fellow baku to make ends meet, but she would also set off on patrol at fixed times, devouring nightmares for those who sought her help.
It was like she'd drifted downstream into a perfectly still lake, placid to the point of monotony.
Their outings together grew less and less frequent, until eventually, even their agreement to spend time together once a month became too difficult to keep.
Mizuki, however, felt no regret as a result of this.
After all, she still left home at exactly the same time as Miko each morning; and when Miko took the bowl of fried tofu that Mizuki had prepared for her, she still gave her that same old smile — reserved only for her closest friends.
Mizuki doubted she could bear even a tenth of Miko's responsibilities, and whenever they walked together, she felt crushed by the weight of the gazes that bore down upon them from all sides.
She was quite content to play a bit part without many lines, simply providing Miko with a sense of peace when she needed it.
Character Story 2:

Alas, tranquility never lasts forever.
That day came when a dark disaster fell upon them all, crashing down like a crumbling rampart. Humans and youkai alike were rendered helpless beneath the weight of its evil, and the islands resounded with cries of despair.
Ill-suited for battle, the baku had no choice but to beat a hasty retreat, seeking safety in nooks and crannies of the land so unfrequented that they escaped the calamity's notice.
After the last vestiges of evil had finally been vanquished by the Shogun, Mizuki and her kin returned with great trepidation, only to find that their once-thriving settlement had been reduced to ruins.
Frantic with worry, Mizuki searched far and wide for her friends, seeing only heartbreaking scenes of loss and separation everywhere she went.
Gone without a trace was the familiar figure of Kitsune Saiguu. Instead, Mizuki found Miko — eyes dim, face pale, cheeks streaked with faint trails of tears — bowed in prayer before the withered Sacred Sakura.
Thus was the Miko she knew so well prematurely forced to shoulder the responsibilities that awaited her, becoming the revered Guuji Yae.
From then on, even their morning encounters became a thing of the past. Snowed under by the avalanche of recovery work, Miko had no choice but to move into the Grand Narukami Shrine, where she worked tirelessly day and night.
Soon, the yumekui-baku too found themselves swamped with relentless requests; for the shattered land of Inazuma was now strewn with the traumatized, scarred in both body and mind, humans and youkai alike.
The calamity may have been driven back for the time being, but all were haunted by the remembrance of its horrors, and these fears took root in the very depths of their dreams. Night after night, these victims were beset by waves of endless terrors, eating away at their willpower and eroding their resolve.
The residual dread was so overwhelming that even the baku elder herself proved unable to withstand it. One day, she collapsed after dispelling the nightmares of several Shogunate samurai, falling into a coma for many months. When she finally awoke, she was too frail to continue performing her duties, and so was forced to retire.
It was at this moment that the hitherto unremarkable Yumemizuki Mizuki revealed her talents unlooked-for. When she extracted the dark poison from the victims' minds, the pain she felt was excruciating — not unlike the sensation of being cut or burned. Yet clearly, this was far better than drifting off into a deep sleep that could last for months on end.
And so Mizuki became a beacon of hope for the victims, helping them free themselves from the nightmares by which they were tormented. Laden with an unbearable weight of anguish, she would stagger back each day, retreating to a secluded spot to recover in quiet solitude.
That may have been Mizuki's most trying time, as she shared every second of the victims' pain. Day and night, her vision was filled with a deep, purplish-blackness that seemed to flow and spread like blood oozing from an open wound.
Fortunately, she could draw strength from the image of her dearest friend, carved deeply into her subconscious mind. Whenever Mizuki teetered on the brink of collapse, that cherry-blossom pink always brought her back to her senses.
"As Guuji, it's Miko [sic] job to help the Shogun deal with the problems of the physical world... I, too, must do my duty, and that's to help others overcome their spiritual pain!"
By reassuring herself so, Mizuki always found the strength to continue.
Yet, single-mindedly immersed in her work as she was, there was one thing she overlooked — that, in the blink of an eye, a century had flown by.
While Mizuki had been tending to her countless patients and calming the turbulence of their traumas, the Miko she once knew had steadily been shaped by the weight of her duties. More frequently, the Guuji now wore the smile of one who mocked the fleeting transience of the mortal world.
On the rare occasion that they found themselves sitting together by their old ramen stand, they repeatedly struggled to connect — the air thick with an alien silence, despite the fact that they had once been so close that they could share anything.
After much contemplation, Mizuki decided to give her friend the benefit of the doubt and came to terms with the way things had turned out.
The pain that Miko suffered during the calamity, she told herself, must have far exceeded her own. Ordinary youkai could not even begin to imagine the burdens entailed by being Guuji of the Grand Narukami Shrine.
Without adopting such pointed composure, she reasoned, Miko may have been unable to endure the relentless onslaught of challenges that had come her way.
Having experienced such different environments, it was only natural that their reflections would diverge.
At the very least, they had both done their utmost to fulfill their respective duties. The way things were now was but the outcome of having made the best possible decisions that they could have.
To rely on a familiar figure as a source of comfort, hoping she would remain forever frozen as she was in memory... Inevitably, that would only serve as a shackle for them both.
Whether they liked it or not, their carefree days were gone for good. They each had their own paths to follow, so why not do so freely without clinging to the past?
Let the memories of those bygone days stay where they belonged — safe and sound, in the depths of her inner self.
Character Story 3:

Not all nightmares are the same. For individuals who are otherwise sound in mind and body, occasional nightmares caused by passing clouds of gloom are a natural source of nourishment for the yumekui-baku. But the nocturnal terrors of those afflicted by chronic illness or severe trauma are altogether a different animal. The baku may still consume them, even likening the experience to eating flavorless bread, yet their toxic threat remains undiminished.
Even Mizuki, the most gifted of her kind, would find herself plagued by persistent ailments if she devoured too many of the latter.
To prevent healers from succumbing to the very maladies they sought to cure, Mizuki began exploring methods beyond her natural youkai powers, seeking to detoxify such negative emotions prior to consumption.
And so, once she was certain that the dark calamity's lingering shadows had been fully suppressed, Mizuki set off for foreign lands. Her aim was to study humanity's most cutting-edge medical practices in order to develop her very own system of "clinical psychological therapy."
In Mondstadt, working with the Adventurers' Guild, she took on a part-time role as a "post-trauma disorder treatment consultant," gaining invaluable experience in hands-on clinical care.
In Liyue, under the guidance of the physicians of Chenyu Vale, she familiarized herself with various medicinal herbs that could be used to calm the mind and spirit, as well as the intricate process of cultivating and using them.
In Sumeru, inspired by the local incense burners, she built upon her previous explorations of herbal medicines by devising a method of aromatic therapy, using incense as a healing aid to facilitate relaxation and sleep.
And in Fontaine, she supplemented her knowledge by delving into the theoretical medical insights of the Research Institute. By considering the scientific underpinnings of avant-garde cinematography, she even discovered fascinating connections between visual patterns and human psychology.
After years of study and exploration, Mizuki eventually reached her final destination — the vibrant land of the seemingly indefatigable People of the Springs in Natlan's southern regions.
Not only did the "hot spring warriors" give Mizuki the warmest of welcomes, they also showed her their courage by valiantly facing down enemies who shared the same origins as the dark calamity that had once blighted her native land.
Of all the people she met, Mualani in particular left a lasting impression. The first time they crossed paths, Mualani had been dashing about, playing tag with a group of children, when all of a sudden she had lost her footing — at which point, she accidentally crashed straight into Mizuki, then dragged her down together into the hot spring beside them. A somewhat clumsy first impression, by any account...
Yet in the face of fearsome foes, Mualani's boundless optimism became an unshakable pillar of strength. Not only was she utterly dependable, but even after a fight, she showed no signs of the usual psychological scars that Mizuki had grown so accustomed to seeing.
Spurred on by her curiosity, Mizuki investigated further, finally concluding that — aside from sheer willpower — a balanced lifestyle was crucial to mental well-being.
Living their lives to the fullest in peacetime, brimming with energy and savoring every moment, and then stepping onto the battlefield without regrets, refreshed and ready for the fight — could this, Mizuki wondered, be the secret to the strength of Natlan's warriors?
"Play hard, fight hard, huh... Treating life's conundrums as you would challenges in a game — taking them on in a composed, timely manner."
And thus, Mizuki conceived the idea of establishing an "entertainment group." Her vision was to introduce the residents of Inazuma to a wide range of different leisure activities, and thereby significantly improve their mental well-being.
From the People of the Springs, she got the idea of hot springs and water sports; from the Scions of the Canopy, of (relatively) safe extreme sports like rock climbing and mountaineering; and she even planned to set up fitness centers staffed by professional trainers from the Collective of Plenty. With a team of collaborators soon in place, Mizuki's vision began to take shape...
Character Story 4:

In Inazuman folklore, the yumekui-baku have always been celebrated for their benevolent and carefree nature, depicted as beings without wants of their own, yet ever ready to help others in need.
Mizuki is a shining example of this in the flesh. Despite her extensive experience in helping others ward off nightmares, she has never capitalized on her reputation by increasing her fees, instead maintaining a remarkably lenient pricing policy.
When treating the common folk, she calculates her labor fee by adhering to a strict formula — half of the patient's hourly wage multiplied by the duration of the session. Even when it amounts to no more than the price of a bowl of ramen, she accepts her meager earnings without a word of discontent.
In Mizuki's eyes, these patients suffer enough as-is, so the least she can do is avoid adding financial burdens to their woes.
For wealthier patients, she asks them to set their own price, saying, "Given your means, what would you consider fair payment for this treatment?"
Whether out of respect for Mizuki or simply to uphold their own sense of pride, such patients invariably end up proposing handsome prices indeed...
This approach has earned her services widespread acclaim, leading to a steady stream of appointments that keeps her so busy that she often goes for weeks without a single day off.
After consuming a patient's nightmares, it always feels as if she has eaten a large bowl of rice. So long as the toxins are not too potent, both her youkai power and physical strength will be replenished.
By all accounts, Mizuki seldom indulges in personal spending. Aside from a few simple outfits and the occasional inexpensive dessert, she rarely treats herself to anything, keeping her living expenses to a bare minimum.
A youkai with practically no time off, almost no inclination to spend, nearly zero expenditure, and a relentless work ethic... Given several centuries, just how much could such an individual save up? Without any precedents to compare her against, it's a tough question to answer.
No matter how you arrive at your estimate, one thing is for certain — that her savings must be substantial, to say the very least. And they were, in fact, the foundation that underpinned Mizuki's own investments.
For a time, the turmoil caused by the Sakoku Decree prevented her from returning to Inazuma, leaving her unable to inspect the progress that had been made on the Aisa Bathhouse. Several of her other ventures, too, remained stuck at the planning stage, with no hope of headway in sight...
Yet during this period, Mizuki was far from idle. She worked tirelessly to keep abreast of all the latest trends in Teyvat, ensuring that her future businesses could cater to all age groups and alleviate the troubles of patients young and old.
Inspired by modern theories, she strove to make the process less daunting for her patients by stripping it of its overtly "clinical" characteristics. She referred to her patients as "guests" and rebranded the serious business of therapy as a form of leisure, meticulously refining every detail to foster an atmosphere of complete relaxation.
Upon returning to Inazuma, Mizuki applied the research findings she had acquired in Fontaine, personally starring in a series of innovative new "promotional programs" designed to catapult her reputation to new heights.
Despite having plenty of awkward moments in front of the Kamera, and how she sometimes got so nervous that she could hardly catch her breath, she knew that if she could just convince people to try out her new approach to therapy — so they could put their worries behind them, once and for all — then it would all be worth it.
But aside from her own publicity efforts, Mizuki just so happened to also know a fellow professional with great potential for collaboration.
And that was none other than her old friend, Yae Miko — editor-in-chief of the cultural and artistic hub that was the Yae Publishing House.
Character Story 5:

"When helping patients cope with their anxiety, should the emphasis be on gradually guiding them to come face to face with the source of their mental struggles, or on offering reassurance, prioritizing the alleviation of their unease?"
"When dispelling nightmares, is there any risk that the direct removal of negative emotions through prolonged reliance on youkai powers might lead to unintended side effects?"
"If we can't help patients resolve their real-world problems, how can we ensure that they don't relapse?"
...
Finally back from her century-long odyssey, Mizuki had so much to discuss with her old friend Miko.
Beneath the sakura tree where they used to meet as children, they spread out a tablecloth, laid out some snacks, and held a little tea party, chatting from dawn until dusk.
Their elation at being reunited was accompanied by a rational exchange of ideas, giving them both a chance to share their heartfelt thoughts.
Miko was of the opinion that entertainment must stay pure and simple, just as it was in essence. If patients could actively seek out happiness and fill their minds with vibrant, positive thoughts, they might very well be able to eliminate any possible foothold for negative emotions to take root.
Mizuki, however, was concerned that focusing solely on the "pursuit of happiness" without addressing the core of a patient's struggles could lead to an emotional imbalance.
As the tea party came to an amicable close, they both accepted the other's perspective, understanding that, in their own unique way, they would each come up with novel solutions to help the people of Inazuma overcome their inner demons.
As Mizuki saw it, the Yae Publishing House's approach — focused mainly on light novels while branching off into various other forms of cultural entertainment — immersed customers in a myriad of fantastical worlds, injecting hope and vitality back into their lives.
The issue, however, was that cultural products required a certain level of engagement. People who were too physically, mentally, or emotionally drained might struggle to muster the energy or concentration required for extended reading and contemplation.
On top of this, if a person was to completely lose themselves in the fantasy world of light novels, they might inadvertently begin to overlook pressing real-world issues.
The entertainment group that Mizuki had envisioned would not only address the challenges faced by the yumekui-baku, but also fill in this missing piece of the puzzle—
Firstly, healing those who had neither the time nor the energy to enjoy more demanding forms of cultural entertainment and helping them find new joys in life.
And secondly, helping those who had become lost in escapism by gently guiding their focus back to their inner selves.
In this way, people from all walks of life in Inazuma — from hardworking common folk to learned literati — could be aided in finding a holistic solution for improving their spiritual well-being, regardless of their wealth or status.
In cases where the patient's mental and emotional struggles were so deep-seated that they could not be alleviated through conventional methods, or with particularly delicate issues that required careful handling, Mizuki would fall back upon her baku powers to cleanse the toxic shadows from their dreams.
Methodical, systematic, and seamless to a tee.
That said, as ever, neighborhood gossip tended to focus on superficial details. Based on rumors from who knows where, word quickly went out that the major shareholder of Aisa Bathhouse, "y'know, the one who just returned from abroad," was seeking to challenge the Yae Publishing House itself with a brand new business venture.
The rumors grew increasingly sensational, even inspiring works like "A Business Battle Between Childhood Friends" which quickly became the talk of the town.
When this tale reached Mizuki's ears, she was quite taken aback for a moment, but a smile quickly followed.
Well, that... didn't sound like such a bad idea.
Miko had always relished this type of fun, and it was indeed true that Mizuki felt determined to push forward in her career, eager to surpass the friend who had once strode ahead of her.
With mutual understanding, the two friends became tacitly-acknowledged "business rivals."
Ya-chan and Te-chan:

Wherever Mizuki goes, her two little baku companions are never far behind. Indeed, they are practically inseparable.
In her day-to-day life, the two little baku act like her assistants, helping Mizuki make drinks, cook meals, and fetch things that she requires.
When she's busy fighting off monsters and knaves, not only will they cheer her on, they'll even jump in to join the fray...
Mizuki calls them "Ya-chan" and "Te-chan," simple yet meaningful names that carry connotations of "emotional stability" and "rational thinking."
They are not, however, Mizuki's kin, but rather manifestations of her youkai powers and embodiments of her spirit and wisdom.
Clinical psychologists absorb their patients' sorrows, anxieties, and fears, yet their own negative emotions often go unaddressed. Over time, their beleaguered hearts put them at risk of a total and irrevocable breakdown.
Mizuki has seen colleagues fall apart completely. Seeing them lying there immobile — some not only bedridden, but even mentally incapacitated — she quietly warned herself never to follow that same path.
For this reason, Mizuki also conducts therapy on herself.
Picture a version of her, overflowing with emotion, who could empathize with patients as naturally as drawing breath, yet whose own mood was as fragile as gossamer, collapsing at the slightest touch...
Then imagine another version of her who, guided purely by reason, applied logic to every problem, stripping away all subjective emotions to the point of seeming somewhat cold and detached...
The two little baku, embodying these two different aspects of Mizuki's self, each have their own flaws. As they accompany her when she is treating patients, they offer analyses from the most extreme of perspectives, not even stinting to outline the full consequences that such extremes would entail.
Afterwards, Mizuki comforts the two of them as if gazing into mirrors of opposing natures, giving her a chance to pick apart the easily overlooked yet potentially devastating issues lying dormant within her own heart.
When contemplating certain issues, if she starts to feel too fragile, she adopts the mindset of someone with a broader perspective by summoning up a degree of cold detachment...
When communicating with someone, if she finds their mood worsening as a result of her coming across too harshly, she can also take a step back and start again from an empathetic perspective — and by doing this, she can strike a balance between objective logic and subjective emotions.
This process of communicating with Ya-chan and Te-chan also plays a pivotal role in how Mizuki balances her own emotions.
After having been through centuries of refinement and observing countless patient interactions, Ya-chan and Te-chan's perspectives no longer dwell at the opposite poles of emotion and reason. Much like Mizuki herself, they can now find a middle ground between the two — most of the time, at least.
The day that Ya-chan's excessive empathy no longer easily ends in tears, and Te-chan learns not to dish out sharp critiques of overly subjective patients, will be the day that Mizuki has become nigh-impervious to even the most powerful of negative emotions.
Vision:

Even the most delicious of dishes, if eaten three times a day, every day, for hundreds or even thousands of meals in a row, would become unbearable for your average person.
Yet in Mizuki's world of dream-cuisine, bland nightmares are a blessing to be savored.
Some people's nightmares are like the apocalyptic aftermath of a kitchen explosion — a chaotic mix of seasonings with acrid undertones of charred woodsmoke, a slight tang of rust, and harsh, acidic notes to round it all off.
But what about good dreams?
Very few yumekui-baku even know what they taste like, for their kind follow an unwritten rule: "Never eat someone else's good dreams without permission."
It wasn't until her tenth year as a clinical psychologist that Mizuki finally had the rare privilege of tasting such a precious delicacy.
One day, a girl who had made a full recovery thanks to Mizuki's therapy came to express her gratitude with a gift. As they chatted, the girl suddenly suggested the idea of sharing one of her colorful, vibrant dreams.
It was a dreamscape brimming with innocence, energy, and dazzling fantasy. Mizuki was utterly captivated by its flavor... Pleasant, warm, and delicately sweet.
From that day on, Mizuki developed a love for all kinds of desserts, and soon, a bold idea began to take root in her heart.
Could the indescribable beauty of a good dream be a remedy in itself, powerful enough to dissolve negative emotions all on its own?
If she could create such dreams with her youkai powers, they might serve as a potent medicine for her patients' emotional struggles.
And maybe, just maybe... they could also be treasured as exquisite delicacies, a treat for herself, every now and then?
Sadly, however, the baku do not possess the power of creation. Good dreams are, in a sense, the pure and untainted projections of a person's desires. As such, they cannot easily be replicated by outside forces, let alone conjured out of thin air...
Since everyone's desires differ, there can be no universal "recipe" for creating a one-size-fits-all sweet dream. Attempting to probe a person's innermost thoughts — to fathom their deepest secrets — might itself become an act of intrusion, only adding to their anxiety and unease.
Regrettably, therefore, Mizuki was unable to figure out the secret to creating a cure-all dream.
But fortunately, the decades of searching and studying were not in vain. Her dedication was eventually rewarded...
One weary yet fulfilling night, Mizuki dreamt of becoming a little baku once more, and of sharing a meal with her dearest friend by a ramen stall.
This particular dream had a delicate, smoky feel to it, almost like a gentle breeze, and it seemed to share the same outline that many happy dreams had in common.
Unbound, unburdened, and carefree...
As the dream unfolded, a radiant, crystalline Vision silently appeared by Mizuki's pillow.
From then on, Mizuki took a new approach, as if she had been inspired.
She resolved to guide people towards tranquil, soothing dreams, rekindling memories of the things they treasured most.
She believed that all the good and beauty that people cherished deep inside them would surely awaken at crucial moments, coloring their dreams and transforming them into the most magnificent forms imaginable.
~~Yumemizuki Mizuki ends here~~
Yunjin:
Character Stories:
Character Details:
Heyu Tea House has been a popular leisure spot for the people of Liyue.
Its business thrives on two things, one of them being its boss Fan Er'ye's business acumen in inviting a top-notch Tea Master who tells the best stories of all.
Besides that, there is also the performance of the acclaimed troupe, Yun-Han Opera Troupe. Its director and soul — a famed opera singer named Yun Jin — takes the stage at the tea house from time to time.
While one can always get delicious delicacies or good storytelling as long as one knows where to look, Yun Jin's performance does not just await one there.
As a result, you can always find fans of Yun Jin trying their luck at Heyu Tea House. While waiting for Yun Jin's performance, they discuss her past performances and how they feel about them.
As such, more people frequent the tea house, with nine out of ten of them being Yun Jin's fans.
Fan Er'ye couldn't be more satisfied with this state of affairs.
Character Story 1:

Liyue Opera is one of the traditional arts of Liyue that has been passed down for generations.
Liyue Opera enjoys a long history, and it has gone through quite some changes from what it was originally created to be.
The good thing is, the Liyue Opera we see now retains the sophisticated-sounding vocals and richly varied melodies of old.
Liyue Opera performers usually perform in troupes, and the most acclaimed one of them is the Yun-Han Opera Troupe.
For generations, the troupe has been run by the historic house of Yun, and its current director is a prominent figure in Liyue Harbor — the opera singer Yun Jin.
Yun Jin made her name at a young age when she stunned her audience with a sweet voice and lively costumes in her debut performance.
The more she performs, the better-honed her animated and dynamic style becomes.
Whether it's a delicate and dignified young lady or a mighty and honorable heroine, she can play any role.
What's even rarer is that this young actress is also a playwright. Other than "The Divine Damsel of Devastation," the Yun-Han Opera Troupe has performed many other new plays in recent years, all of which were written by Yun Jin.
With her superb skill, it is no wonder why long-time opera fans often visit Heyu Tea House to ask about Yun Jin's performance schedule when their starving ears demand good opera singing.
Character Story 2:

Yun Jin was born in a family of Liyue Opera performers.
Her father is a playwright, and her mother used to be a famous opera singer in Liyue Harbor, taking up the mantle from Yun Jin's grandfather.
In such an environment, Yun Jin was exposed to Liyue Opera at a very early age, often amusing herself by echoing her mother's singing.
A childhood hobby, as many would tend to believe, seems unlikely to be developed into a lifelong career, yet Yun Jin proved to be an exception.
She was serious about it and insisted on learning the art.
Her parents were delighted to see their daughter's determination and imparted everything they knew about the Liyue Opera to her. As such, Yun Jin started learning the opera early.
However, Liyue Opera is a complex art that takes years of perfection to master.
So even for a child as gifted as Yun Jin, what awaited her was sweat and tears. While ordinary children might shy away from the pain of hamstring stretches and the tedium of memorizing lyrics, little Yun Jin hung tough and became quite accomplished.
By the time she finished all the subjects in Liyue Opera, veterans of Yun-Han Opera Troupe who watched her grow up couldn't help but exclaim,
"Yet another rising opera star is about to shine upon Liyue Harbor!"
Character Story 3:

Many veterans of the Yun-Han Opera Troupe first joined the troupe when Yun Jin's grandfather was in charge.
They have remained committed since Yun Jin took the troupe over.
Their love for the art of Liyue Opera is so deep — perhaps even to an excessive degree — that they frown upon any other forms of music performance, including rock 'n' roll.
Yun Jin, however, thinks otherwise. She finds that rock 'n' roll vibrates with vigor and even became friends with the rock 'n' roll musician Xinyan.
Elders of the troupe are glad to follow Yun Jin's lead during rehearsals, but when it comes to daily life, they treat her like their little granddaughter.
"Sweetie, listen to us. No spicy food, it hurts your voice. Meat is fine, but refrain from eating too much, or you will put on weight."
"If you really can't help yourself, have more shrimp. Stay away from the... roll 'n' roll thing. All they know is yelling."
These caring elders will nag Yun Jin about attending rock 'n' roll performance for hours on end.
Faced with the impossible mission of persuading stubborn granddads and grannies, Yun Jin has to be creative.
While it's not an option to go to Xinyan's performance, it's perfectly acceptable to visit Fan Er'ye's adopted daughter Xingyan and discuss Liyue Opera with her.
The elders are not fond of the rock star Xinyan, but they have taken a shine to Xingyan the adopted daughter of Fan Er'ye.
"I've heard that Xingyan can cook and do embroidery. She must be a polite and accomplished young lady. Yun Jin may be able to pick up a thing or two from hanging out with her. How capital!"
Yun Jin has long got Fan Er'ye to agree on the details concerning the made-up Xingyan, so don't worry. No one's gonna call her out on this!
Character Story 4:

Yun Jin goes by many names. To some, she is Director Yun, and to others, Sir Yun.
They call her Director Yun for her leadership of the Yun-Han Opera Troupe. Though there are managers to help with everyday work, Yun Jin is the one who makes the big decisions. She thus earned the name of Director Yun from people in business circles.
As for Sir Yun, that is another story.
When Yun Jin's grandfather was in charge of the Yun-Han Opera Troupe, long-time fans respectfully addressed him as Sir Yun. After Yun Jin took charge later, these fans frequented her performances as well.
There was once after a show when an impressed fan half-joked with others, "the Sir Yun we have now sings rather well too."
A voice from the crowd immediately countered by saying: "How can you address a young girl as Sir?"
Upon hearing this, Yun Jin curved her lips.
"Those who were born early, learn early. They are naturally better-informed than others. It's every bit right for them to be referred to as Sirs."
"But one doesn't have to be old to be knowledgeable. Besides, why can't a girl be knowledgeable?"
"You are quick in mind and speech, and are thus qualified to be called Sir. I have answered your eminent question — that also makes me a Sir."
Her remarks impressed the fans present, who shared this story to many. In the end, everyone followed the trend and started to call her Sir Yun whether they had or had not met her in person.
Character Story 5:

Many traditional Liyue Operas revolve around the theme of the adepti and Rex Lapis himself.
A prime example would be "The Divine Damsel of Devastation." People are full of wonderful fantasies about the adepti and would like to see the representation of their joy and anger on stage. Thus, stories portraying them make up the majority of the repertoire of Liyue Opera.
When Yun Jin was young, she would find these stories engaging, but having exhausted every adeptal legend in her performing career, her take on theming gradually changed.
Why not experiment with other themes? For instance... stories of our own, perhaps?
Stories that tell of our earthly joys and sorrows, songs that sing of the hatreds and passions of humanity.
Maybe these stories of mere mortals may not make it as classics of Liyue Opera, but there will always be some people who remember them.
In love our thoughts linger, in rage our hearts burn, and in obsession, our minds go astray. These emotions, good or bad, lift the veil that covers our feelings and souls.
Yun Jin is no adeptus. She can never put herself in the shoes of the adepti, yet she is endowed with the most accurate and sensitive grasp of human emotions.
"So, let me sing of human stories. May my brush be the brush of all hearts and my voice the voice of all souls."
This is the unspoken wish that Yun Jin has so far only kept to herself.
Longevity Lock:

Her ancestors used to work as weaponsmiths instead of opera performers.
Later, someone in the family who was tired of weapon forging grew an interest in the performing arts. By the time it came to Yun Jin's generation, few of the Yuns still practiced the art of forging.
Many forged things have been passed down, though. The lock-shaped copper pendant that Yun Jin carries with her is one such item.
In her childhood, she often practiced dancing for a whole day under the scorching heat of the sun. Sometimes, she would even faint from the exhaustion.
Her parents' hearts ached for her, but they knew well that she had to go through such things to lay a solid foundation.
So instead of stopping her, they gave Yun Jin the lock in the hopes that it would keep fortune and health within her.
Since then, the lock has never left Yun Jin's side. Before every performance, it is a routine for Yun Jin to reminisce about those days of bittersweet training by cleaning the lock with great care.
It feels as if she was caressing the devoted heart of the little Yun Jin who was learning the opera.
Vision:

Shortly after Yun Jin's debut, Yun Jin quickly got the hang of stage performance through dozens of shows and her great intelligence.
At the time, her appearance meant a whole night of applause for a performance. However, the more she played, the more she felt at a loss — these were not the operas she wanted to perform.
In every opera, the pitch and tempo would invariably go either up or down to indicate drama or doldrum.
As time passed by, the visage of the various characters seemed to blend and blur.
The music would come on, followed by a neat dance, and then her sweet voice. The girl in "The Divine Damsel of Devastation" seemed no different from the fisherman's daughter in "String of Pearls."
While the audience did not object, Yun Jin was not satisfied. "Is skillful singing and dancing all it takes to tell a moving tale?"
What broke her bottleneck was an opera named "Snow Treading."
It was a monodrama about a strenuous walk in the snow. It happened to be a snowy day when Yun Jin first performed the opera.
Having gone astray in the snow, the character felt lost and lamented her helplessness. Somehow, the snow in the story seemed to fall into reality. Yun Jin, who had also found herself adrift, felt as if she had become her character.
That was what she had been looking for, the feeling of leaving herself behind and walking in the shoes of the many characters she played.
To breathe, to live, and to smile just like them.
That was the opera she had wanted to sing, the story she had wanted to tell — one about true emotions, a world built on tens of thousands of individuals who live lives of their own.
Yun Jin could no longer recall how she returned backstage after the epiphany. All she knew was that when she finally had time to take off her costume, she found a Vision in her sleeve.
~~yunjin ends here~~